So i'm home till 2pm, but i have nothing to do :( Grr
would like the world to stop talking about IPL already. I'm depressed. Thanks to DVD mixup, no Rosencrantz and Guildenstern. : (
@SteveBrunton wanna have summer now :( *stomp*
@james_brooks @Joy_Inc I love cooking and sometimes he can be so fussy :(  ok rant over, I do love him very much, he frustrates me sometimes
@MadamSalami bah.who needs real food!bathroom cleaning to do today.want to go to town, but hes at work and i dont like going in alone :(
MERRRRRR, i have a weird twitch in my eye :(
@Tittch Very lucky Tittch, keep my fingers crossed for you that all goes well. Don't forget you can't smile any more in the photo :(
@Luturgi Everyone is gone,cause they hate me. :(
boooooo they're using Starlight by Muse. :( i don't know why i hate it when the songs i like are used on major broadcasts such as this.
Back is really bad again, am doped up on painkillers. Fed up with it :-(
@stephenfry Please don't!  Before we had the option not to see replies but doing that would force all your followers to see it :-(
practice essay writing :(
v disappointed i can't go to see Ane Brun and Ed Harcourt in London this coming week :( must resist the urge to pull a sicky...
@SEPIS haha yeea :( i should to go to sleep i have work in the morning and i work tomorrow night too =/
@Lizloz check out @chesneyhawkes he is quite a cutie although I think he has gone off me!!! :( Sob Sob! He ignores me these days! lol xx
why is it that i slept for literally ten hours and im still exhausted? :(
Last day in Ohio. Last day with Kip for 6 weeks. :( But  then NY watch out!!! I'm coming out!!!
@thomasfiss Nooo, the Tweet About You vid has been removed??? Why!? I only saw it 1 time :(
been to see midwife and she listened in on my baby and he was missing a heart beat every so often hopeing and praying he is ok :(
I really want to go to Thunder today, but my dog is going crazy and I can't leave him all day long :( But I&quot;m boooooored
@tommcfly went to get ur dvd and didnt get it cuz it didnt cum it so unhappy now :( ive it ordered online now so happy lol cnt wait #mcfly
Watched the new Star Trek movie last night and its mostly not crap at all. Very 'JJ' though :(
@dougiemcfly wish i was there :(
#Evolution wont evolute anymore! :(
Now i'm depressed..... :-(
Next week is the last week before final EXAMS in school!!! tht means after exams summer vaca but no more grade 5! :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
Morning everyone... And again i'm at school.. :(
getting ready fo work! :(
had few bumps on the head at the gym..  so far, not passing out yet... Not sure bout tomorrow... :(
@astegerlewis :( he gave me prescription but only to be used if i'm still really sick on saturday, until then its just pain killers :(
Storm sirens kept me awake way past my bedtime last night :-(
I wish my Grandma could make me a spinach pie for my birthday :(
it really has been half a minute ago since i updated what im doing xD aaah i just love this! shame you cnt go further letters tho :(
@Hollywood_Trey Good Morning. Hmmm don't know how I am since u put me on blast :(
Exams tomorrow, not looking forward to them :(
DAMN YOU, BBC! Andy Hamilton cannot be in two places at once *mahoosive sulk* :(
@Trish_HR Yeah but my poor baby girl was diagnosed w/asthma this week. :(
@Boddingtons he may be a chatter, but he's not a voter :( #@architeuth1s
I feel so sick and wish @lukeysixx was here right now :(
I'm so tired and sick :(
@Harsayis oh, it died several weeks agio and I didn't get around to replacing it until now :(
I just realized that I left all my jewlery that I wear on my dresser! And it's too late to get it cause I'm already going to school :(
@avl94 Aw. That seems like such a long time ago now, so sad.... :( makes me think of how lucky Pereiro was.
in** 2 weeks.  apparently sleep deprivation also makes one mentally retarded. fix my ear! :(
is actually not going to New Castle until the afternoon. Of what to do with myself? haha. Paper it is. :( After curves and food!
is very tired 2 exams down 18 to go :(
is havin the worst day ever. Someone please take me away from everything :-(
&amp; Danny's ending performance was just so beautiful. Btw I stayed up yesterday &amp; I forgot to bring my thumbdrive. I'm the 'smartest' ever. :(
I think im dyin. But i don't wanna go to the doctor. Moms gonna make me :(
so disappointed about lost last night.....poor juliet :( (and jacob whoever you were...)
OMG, I just moisturised and my legs are BURNING me. It really hurts. :( Go away.
@APGB yeah.  just good.  Deadpool was WAAAAAY wrong :(
I so just forgot what I was gonna twitter :(
RT @khushi4all: RT: @ThatsTwit @Freakonomy wll never knew Twitter is also plagued :( http://twurl.nl/g647p1
@WGN_Chi_Traffic I'd love to, except I would then be late to work...sorry  :(
2 essays, a book, Macbeth, art history prjct, bio test, math test... i really do hate school. ugh :(
@Boddingtons my prediction from the future is that your day will get steadily worse :(
:( Body Of Missing Northern Calif. Girl Found: Police have found the remains of a missing Northern California girl .. http://tr.im/imji
@lmacvittie What is &quot;so early&quot; for you? My two little ones get up at 6AM sharp every day :-(
back to work :(
Sitting in the gator again waiting for the van- i have a sore throat. HOW THRILLING! :( :]&lt;33 xoxo&lt;3
I've never been so anxious before.. :-( Why this???
Why have IMG Spark's servers been pretty much down for like a week? Really annoying. :(
Our Yorkie had surgery yesterday and has half her mouth wired shut... :( Taking care of all the animals while my parents are in Cabo!
Settling down.. enjoying my cup of Rooibos tea....tweeting.....missing Captain C already.. : (
I'm tired!! really tired!! :(
How much i wish i could hold him in my arms for one last time! :(
ap world exam today :( :( :( SPRINGSTEEN TOMORROW. OMGOMGOMG.
Side-effect of my meds - I have the most insane dry-mouth, it's actually painful at this point :(
@djbunty You know how gutted I am that I'm not getting crunk with you on Saturday :-( bunty vs mgck @ red soon haha
NO FAIR. I LOST MY SANDWICH :( @hollyseddon: #twittermovies @vmdotcom Mentally ill millionaire gets cross, dresses like a bat.
exhausted :(
@Nusretnina I know how you feel, it had the same effect on me!! Its the 3rd anniversary of my mums death to cancer tomorrow :-(  xx
@Bippy How do you retweet I don't know how to :(
i need a new phone :( my phone keeps on dying
was the second #ignitesydney as good as the first one? I'm stuck in Melbourne and missed it :(
I want to be at #tower09 or at #thinkingdigital or at #futuresonic. But am not am working :(
I've got the plague :( oww my throat hurts
My internet is out :(
i give amazing head, i just needed water cuase its 4am and my mouth waa a desert. im too upset to even jerk off :(
is not wanting to go to school today :(  only 3 more days left of my junior year!!
wishes that she could go to the Mall of Asia here in the Philippines. err. my parents won't allow me. Huhu. T_T I wanna see the David's. :(
...aaaand there goes that great day :( RIP Mrs Wever
Problem in the house. Family discussion. :-(
Its looking like its going to be an awful day already :-(
I joke around since @chuckf was able to keep his DC salary, he can afford to have me as a housewife ;). But I get stir crazy too easily :(
agh. late for meeting :(
@LiveAlone i was looking for you for 10 of those 12 hours :(
has had nothing but problems this morning with her internet :( http://plurk.com/p/tr6b2
I m busy in buying grocery and the sun is busy in burning me! :(
had to put her pet wasp in the window so ben could shower. hope alejandro doesnt freeze :(
@Viper007Bond Wow. :(
@thundy08 @naidaaa ok fine i'll come :(
Going to work : (
my house is super cold :(
@nashifeet i would totally go if i wasn't finishing all the invites. :(
is sleepy, her boyfriend got her up early as he had to revise AGAIN :(
@tmotley89 misses @andycherry :(
Too bad. Gokey's gone :(
My baby has to have shots today :-(
@themakelounge the link doesn't work :( I want to decorate cupcakes (properly!) so badly!
I am so tired and I don't think I'm going to be able to take off tomorrow. :(
@therealTiffany cute profile pic. but you cute sterling out :(
hello all can anyone tell me were the sun has gone i now ilive in ireland but hey  we need sun to we only have a summer a few days a year :(
going to work 9:30-2 then I am going to end up back at work to buy food.... I miss you :( &lt;3
@OfficialAS awwwww.... is he gonna be okay?! I'm sure he'll be right. Just a big baby!! :(
@TonyaR is it ever sunny there you always seem to be in rain? :(  you play vball outside?
Thought the walk outside might wake me up. I was wrong. :( Time to doze under my desk, I think.
@lollipoplady i keep begging...no one ever joins :(
The Caps are out. :( It was a slaughter...
@twicullen sorry hun :(  we still luv ya &lt;3
Are they still selling yearbooks? I forgot to preorder one.. :(
3 packets of crisps, 1 ham roll and 2 yoghurts later, im STILL hungry :(
wondering why my nephew has so much energy at 6am... it's not fair :(
I cannot actually believe that we have to do another #SharePoint rebuild. I've lost count!!! Never mind time... Ugh. Cup of tea time :(
@nathanvernon I only had the one bread bun :( It's not the same from cut-it-yourself bread. Needs Warburtons white!!
realized that i hate rain... like absolutley DISPISE the rain :( ................. it sucks
@Urban_Idiot do giraffes and jaguars get along? i don't want no more fechtin.. :(
@KauaiMare So sad mavericks are out :(
@prettypinkbow oh no love :( what's wrong?
Twitters it brings a chill down my spine just to think I have to sign out, good night all :( But I'll be back at 7am tomorrow xoxo.
Going down town.. missed the 5a.. so on the 980 :(
@seebirdfly :( I'm sorry. I'll try and get you a souvenir. xx
seriously, it's a baaaad rainy day :(
Y does it have to RAIN on MY PARADE this sunday why oh why oooh the agony :(
Lunch at The Royal Society. Very fulfilling, literally... Trouser zip burst! Blushes spared, I've fixed it but can't have second pud :-(
I think I really need to see a chiropractor. up to 30 hours of neck pain.  :(
Good morning. What the fuck am I doing awake? :( ugh.
@deafmom @eeUS Sad but true - I stretched it out a bit. :-(
@NKOTB wish I was join' you.... :(
Celebrating a trip to my doctor where I lost 7 pounds! only 70 to go!  :(  In other news played Rock band all last night...I STINK at it!
@gunarrr Ugh! I know! Thursdays are lame. :(
@ghawi apparently not without meds... :-(
I'm on the road and i forgot my vitamins :( i'll figure it out
@yikes77 I saw your tweet but twitter was acting up last night, we couldn't get any tweets for about like an hour. I saw it too late :(
off 2 pt :(
@iamnotsteve Eurovision is this weekend? That's rubbish, I have plans :-(
@Tazz602 for some reasons Destroy twitter doesn't like you! Can't get your tweets :( But I can see them on the web... strange!
so much to do and getting nothing done :(
Ok. My friend DIDNT buy our Coldplay tix cuz she's cheap and now I REALLY wanna go. :(
Rendering 1080p particle animations to put up on istock for sale... render farm maxed out need more servers...  :(
Just dropped my son off at his last day of preschool. :(
WORK time :(
didn't get to do her maths :( Got her chart done though... Woo. Tomorrow is gonna be... NOT good. Xx
i was convinced up until recently that yesterday was thursday. :(
I do have to say, it is way better today than yesterday except for the shot clinic. Poor lil 4 year olds getting their shots today. :(
@yuralee what happened? :(
D: My Dad just caught me up &quot;late&quot;, now I have to sleep :( G'night Twitter, g'night LUVR xP
@sigmosaics It's windy down here, and cold :(
@pretty_punkwpg just relaxing! May take a trip to the beach. What about yourself? And I couldn't tell you not sure if we are sorry :(
@chellearellano Can't do it at work :(
Did you know that I don't get along w/my mother. I only lived with her for afew years of my life...bad times :(
My zumba class is cancelled :( so i am on the eliptical today watching regis and kelley very boring
@patriciagaw I LOVE DANNY!! :( Lahat nalang Adam! Nakakasawa na! :|
I woke up with a scratchy voice...I blame it on the loud cougars at the tavern :-(
has a hurt knee... going to the DR this morning... :(
had 2 cancel gym &amp; lunchdate as bp rocketing. c-ing doc 2nite, think it's my ear condition flaring up not happy girlie. off home 2 rest :(
Going to school today! I'm guessing major homework for me. :(
feeling very sick infact :(
@snanibush ahah I know pooks. But when I think of one, I think of the other. I'm waayyy too tired for the twitterness right now :-(
Its so gloomy in NYC :(
I now know what a train hitting a person sounds like :(
@scandynavian the pix from Nye's aren't that great. a bit too much booze in the sytem. might be a few months yet :( film!?!?!?
is taking a personal day......to wright papers :(
@crimsoncup for whatever reason, seems to take a couple of days for Tweetie to get the avatar updates :(
today is probably gonna be a hectic day at work :(
Dad took out cable *off the attic. :( Attic's no longer my &quot;new home.&quot;
My aches &amp; pains are getting the better of me 2day, I'm too young to feel this old, everything hurts 2day :(  -&gt; Morning all, have a gr8 day
@CapnSkulduggery I think I'll have to pass it up on this occasion... in an un-creative rut at the moment. :(
Shoot, have a long, boring meeting in about 15 minutes. :(
What am I going to do about my broken camera!? :(
@funkycarla8 I miss mitchel's hair. :( LOL! Yeah I did, just got up in time. aha. I know, but basically everyone knows who they are anyways
Hello Twitters!!! What a rubbish, rainy and cold day we are having :(
my crackberry is addicting! on the train to school, wish i could take it back home :(
Man. I think I really do dislike cats :(
it we call so tired :(
why cant you love me back? sigh :(
@anig3r lost my voice :(
Soooo tired!!! 2 more days until I go back to work :(
late late late for school! i must get there so i can print 700 reading pages for class.... that i have not read ... the worst :(
my mom is hung the fuck over! bitch ruined my cookies! :( ohhh well. i still love my mom... i think. kidding? you think!
@FaithfulChosen Thanks. And yes, heads tend to do that, getting very busy. :( Sterkte!
couldn't find the part am searchin for :( most wait till Saturday !! going to the garage to check up the car after the paint ...
@sims Thankyouthankyouthankyou! I was dying here. :(
hes alrd asleep without giving me any gdnite wishes and kisses. :-( dnt feel like toking 2 him tmr. - http://tweet.sg
@Mando_Diao what a coincidence... my fav radiostation is playin dance w/ someboday right now...njoy spring, in swiss its rainin...again :(
doinq homework......who wants to help me  :-(
Just signed a petition to bring the U2360 Tour to Austraila. Perth isn't gonna get it cos we don't have a big enough concert venue :(
Awake, my bladder is full, and my tummy is empty. I don't want to go to work. : ( save me?
I came up in French on the exam :(
ugh.. praying i haven't fucked up for good :(
Lost is over for the season :(
couldn't find his sunglasses on his way to work today :(
@jamiegilderuk http://twitpic.com/3glih - It's died!!! it was looking for its fathers Mcfly! ok crap joke :(
Just have another building problem due to fakeroot :(
Bored of reading! Would like a USB port in my head to upload. Have tried shoving my memory stick up my nose but it doesn't seem to work :-(
@thegingerbandit Missed you last night. :( Hope you're better. And less flakey.
The medication I take for kidney stones is giving me cramps in my legs :-(
@LOLcatz11130 thanks for the congrats! you have so few days left a italia...molto triste? :( i feel your pain..even still. SOAK IT UP!!
I think I pulled a glute muscle from sitting so long yesterday... And now I have a 2 hour car ride.  :-(
@jjoouurrddaann @thegoldlion can you guys come kidnap me so i can go to Bonelick tonight too? :(
Totally feel sorry for the child actors from Slumdog :( Just not right. http://bit.ly/UASBh
@mattwagster oi git- you still asleep?! I *need* a snooze on the sofa :(
Finished studying for the day...daily dose of gg and oth, before heading to work yet again :( x
@tado It says 24 months in the letter I got. :(
bummer ... win7 doesn't support my old, trusty hp laserjet :(
@JoshFinnie see, you missed something funny i said. this breaks my heart. #fixreplies :(
Man I love waking up.....  :(
@ShortPump More people, more crime unfortunately  :-(
@marielinton I want David Archuleta to reply to me. :( HAHAH.
Mas já vai acabar? :(  #twssthurs   Season Finale de The Office hj!
brrrr it's so cooold :( and i'm tired as hell
@sukitgood WTF. I wanna go. :(
i think im gettin sick AGAIN. im coughin up a lung and when i do my chest burns :(  GREAT!
@OrangeVegan Woohoo Mike D! Sorry bills are sucking this month : (
@functionalab i'm not in NYC, sorry :(
@XXXdestinyday still smoking cigs, thought you was gonna ditch that habit :-(
@ravels i sincerely miss hearing  you in the mornings : ( Joe -spankbank-
At work... annoyed and moody but that's cause I'm tired as hell and feel like I'm gonna throw up. :(
@coolphotoideas I would suppose so! Sadly the time has come that I've been learning some Actionscript 3. Work duty is requiring that one. :(
@dayziebaby I did :(
@liamalexander It wouldn't agree with me. I had a job that involved getting up at 4am - I left after 2 days :-(
Pissed the deli downstairs got rid of their tropical iced green tea.  I had just gotten addicted to it  :(
@LaMisty_Elite the mikey worm! It's a virus. Some kid hacks into ur acct. I don't know how 2 get rid of it! HELP!!! :(
@BeachMomOf2 Thank you......he is NEVER sick, so this is highly odd for him!  :(
P.E exam was such a stupid exam and im really annoyed :(
@thedanyoung where are your Tuesday tweets :( ?
@opalbonfante your most welcome !! Hope your days going better than mine ???? :-(
I just made roadkill out of a little bird, couldn't avoid him :-(
@beckers_ doing criminology at leicester uni. For the most part i enjoy it, but they have worked sociology into my degree which i hate :-(
@ojmcd sticks and stones may break ma bones but words will always hurt me :(
:( @ moval court 4 a traffic ticket..I should b sleeping..aahh.
S.O.S please somebody help me..i get confused on twitter.. :(
doing sound for thesis :(
@RenaissanceAsh Just found it, it's not international :(
@omegahack no it isn't! I sent you a sammich yesterday and enchiladas earlier this week! :( you left-over hater! :(
@aravindc and they r gonna make a mockery of whole system. :(
my dog was attacked by a rottwieler :( why do the owners raise dogs with aggression? it's simple training Grr!!!
my baby pit got hurt. po bebe. :(
so tired-! english is going to suck! :(
I not feel too well today. :(
I'm in school and it sucks :(
:( woke up from a nightmare and @vodkascene wasn't here. &lt;/3
Bored at home with a bum ankle :(
@shutupjami I don't know what else to pick for a picture :(
@Missyshianne I've been slackin :-( pms-y and all that jazz ya know
@RogtheDodge79 Don't start me off, I have stopped listening to the news when it is on :(
@nadie20  i could probally find money... but i cant go to london on my won :(
So ticked that the laptop won't connect to the internet. And the home computer is slower than molasses. This sucks. :(
thinks its gonna be a long ass weekend and it hasn't even started yet. :-(
@LuisJrosales I ate them all...   :/  the whole box! :(
While I'm indeed happy for everyone beginning summer, for me, sadly summer only = more business at work. :( Still, I want to go swimming!
Why why why why why? About to go and &quot;Revise&quot; whilst my sister steals MY laptop!!  :(
Dang...little Rylan has a fever :(  No creating today...gotta care for my baby.
Kaleltroper to get into mcintec irc even u got baned u need virtual machine i think he wont ban you /me is *sad* i cant talk in mcintec :(
I messed up my lost recording!!! :(
is home alone and there is nothing on TV.. getting bored :(
I want  http://bit.ly/r9Zyy Of course my feet can't handle such sexiness. Ever since bootcamp my feet haven't been the same. sigh :(
@richotoole i didnt even get to say HI to you the other day :(
@kokob I wish I could have another caramel.... :( - I was just watching a video of you handing them out in Vegas.
this goes on..and on...and when is it going to over?? :(
I just got home. When I was driving I saw a cute little possum, and then I saw the cute little possum get hit by two not one, two cars. :(
Man, SMT3 is SOOO good.  Wow. :( I need to replay it.
About to go to bed. Had a super long day. Just wish I could sleep in :(
@rachlanger No RockStar = me taking two naps today.  Saturday productivity = :(
@tardisgrl She looks so sad, sitting in there. :(
My cell battery is dead.  Not good when about to go out and leaving it behind.  :(
posted a new video: No disc golf in Cloudcroft today :( http://tinyurl.com/pdxjql
2 mins silence please ladies &amp; gents. Love it\hate it EV is dead...it's all borders now :-(
@buggzero come on... I'll play nice.. Let me in... :(
R.I.P. JILL DDD: || AN DI CAN'T THINK OF ANYBODY ELSE WHO I HATE TO MISS AS MUCH AS I HATE MISSING YOU. :( :( :(
feeln worst dan i did earlier :-( &amp; missn my big head. tryn 2 fine sum calmn musiq 2 listen 2
@victoria_smey whats wrong?? :(
@AlexAllTimeLow thank you for the tweet &lt;3 i wish we could do something to help, really :( hope you're feeling better.
@LilMissOpinion For some reason, it is skipping a week. Sucked for this week though. :-(
Sunny day, and everything goes quiet in twitterland.  Unfortunately some of us still have mountains of work to do. No sun for me :(
@LMAshton It bugs me more than I can say. It sticks in my mind and even if it stopped tomorrow, it's somewhere else. :(
@SunshineeKiid as that sucks! Nah I live in Perth...so nope I wasn't there :(
Just finished watchin dat Angel n Demons...pretty good...not sure If Its worth paying to see to make someone else richer :(
@winterbound Uhhhhh it was me :( I sorry
@clubjuggler And thanks for hosting! That was lots of fun. Sorry about your ZFS partition, though. :(
Out! I'm gonna miss the first hour of the game ...poop :(
dylan died : ( but star trek was gooood.
listening music to cry , grrrr!! I don't like to fight with a BF, so, what can I do? :( there's nothing to do, I'm about to cryyy... so sad!
@mileycyrus i am so jealous of your body! :(
Can't find a good pic for my twitter :(
Is it just me or does the city feel emptier :(
Plaid Pantry sells stale swishers :(
I ate like a damn pig now my stomach is killing me :-(  http://myloc.me/10Rc
didnt get to make a video today :( .maybe next time. Knights game was fun. we won on the last inning when we were losing the whole game! :O
@mdjensen Yeah I know, but those are my only reviews. Been waiting for three days to read any :(
Watching trials videos a) makes me feel all giddy and b) makes me feel rubbish at trials myself :(
@alaconnect ALAConnect seems to be down. :-(
:( Life sucks!
@Nfan12 @fuse omg i forgot about #greenday being on #fuse ! :(
Can't sleep in anymore, ugh :(
listening to taylor swift songs; theres a storm outside :(
I hate johnny :(
:( cant afford to see Angels and Demons, so i watched it for free: http://tr.im/lvBu
Yes I agree..miss them both..its ironic everytime it rains I seem to somehow end up listening to Aaliyah.. :(
has a headache and is going to bed :(
@AlexAllTimeLow awww :( i'm glad you're okay! alex = trooper.
I hate thinking its a weekday,so when I put it to a certain channel to watch something,they're not givin it since its a weekend,lmao. :-(
@kcofficial What did I do to get blocked? Im deeply sorry for whatever it is I did. :(
@skullservant i love you MORE. I miss you baby :(
my sunburn is making me sad :| :( :&lt;
Are you serious :(
We missed out on going to the zoo with some friends though :-(
Watching Harry Potter: Goblet of Fire. Is that the KKK at the Quiditch WC? KKK don't like HP, the church hates HP. HP just isn't loved... :(
@colleencourter please don't :( when is it due?
my toe hurts :(
alyssa's grad party was real funn, on my way home to an empty house :(
OWWW I JUST KNEEED MYSELF IN THE BOOB :( - CRYS
Watching The Burbs with #l3ree. I've been slacking on my tweeting lately :(
@AngelicaBeanz baeeee i neeed yuur numberr aqain :(
too many potato chips : (
@jervae I agree with you on the soulja boy comment. But that's where the music is headed. I feel sorry for the kids who listen to this? :(
@Becky_Middleton They didn't give us any cake :(
Ok i'm bored... Wat shall i do? Rly wish i can drive :-(
@jabop I'd LOVE to go ride but i just got off work and have finals up the butt :( enjoy the weather for me!
Listening to music, someone keeps deleting my fav songs :(
Has a hole in my fairly new socks. Feeling my toe poking thru it :-(
Cant believe they actually let. Wish it was somewhere else tho.. :( but it's a start. Sis isnt gonna be happy. Oh well!
@steffaneelove aww that's too bad :( but YAY! really?! that's awesome maybe you can find her and reconnect :DD
:( but not with Karen anymore
Ahhhh a wisdom tooth is growing in and its very uncomfortable : (
@dannygokey Danny, I was shocked when you were eliminated. You were my bet. Aww. :(
Couples dance...ugh. :(
head hurts, nasal congestion, body aches...I'm sick! :-(
@iamjonathancook Hope you're doing better. My dad's cousin had that happen to her. Devastating. I'm so sorry that happened to you. :(
@etid HOLY SHIT I LOVE YOU ANTHONY...except now your e a vreep cause youre reading our tweets! :( thats why he hates uss
Is Twitpic down again, or did I beer-break my phone after all? Can't upload pics since updating Tweetie.  :(
not a good day :(
Star trek with oats. Yessss :D not empty :(
I am  watching Cheaters,  waiting for Five Hearbeats to be put in Dvd player, cant watch it in my room, My tv was made in 70's no plug :(
omg @lizzie009 your laptop died! that blows :(
@txvisionary no, I still haven't figured it out :(
@noellelyons I miss our green bandana friend :(
it's a beautiful day and I'm going to go in to work!  :-(  But, I'll enjoy the sun tomorrow, so it's okay.
Ghosts of girlfriends past... Cute movie, but reminded me that things like that don't happen in the real world... :-( ughhhhhh
@PushPlayCJ haha nice&lt;3 I miss you alreadyy&lt;3 please don't move!! :(
@Nicci311 cause its light beer! hehe and ive only been to 1 concert in my life :(  deadsy and msi when i was like 15 LMAO
@garretmaine we have your braceleeeetssss :(
@rathsany by myself... :(
hello twitter friends! should i update my pic to reflect the fact that i am blonde now? LMAO I'm so lazy :(
It's not raining.. we should have gone bungee jumping, girl.. :( Rugby club is crazy..
@koalaxninja I totally wanted to go to that show tonight but my brother had his graduation :(
IBS is a curse i want no parts of...this is so unfair :(
@Jonstantenople Yea babe. It was weird. :( &lt;3
@kristenj0nas7 ughh, its a monday :( :(
Craaap, why didn't someone remind me tonight was the last new ep of #snl for the season :( Guess I'll catch the rerun eventually.
Sorry baby :(
someting wrong with my dvd/vcr recorder:( most unhappy. was planning on sitting on new lounge watching bond's quantum of solace. :(
home again, would have been nice expect weather is crap here and got to unpack :(
:( cant afford to see Angels and Demons, so i watched it for free: http://tr.im/lvBu
Oh noes! After almost 2 weeks of trending, Star Trek is gone. :-(
preparing the move of an online-shop to on-rev. There is so much to pay attention to... :(  but after move, many things will be much easier.
@JamesPMorrison My softball team has been in a bit of a slump. So I know how it feels to lose. :(
U know it's bad when I watched that movie Love For Sale on BET :-(
Boyfriend was all sad and gloomy last night.all his soccer friends blamed him for their lost. he almost burst into tears :(
wants all the bad feelings to go away. :(
last day in lebanon drinking beer and bbq :(
the day didn't go as planned, but it was still successful. now it's time for bed, because i know i'll be up with the sun  :(
Have been sick all weekend :(
Doing homework  :(
@KraseyBeauty omg. Lucky bum :( Canada always miss out awesome events like those. Lolz keep us up to date tmr :D
@HungryHippo13 a LEO? we shouldn't get a long at all :( My stepdad's a Leo and My mom's a Cap too...they argue alot &amp; I hate him!
myspace is pissing me off....keeps closing the page on me before i even get to log on :(
@JonahStahl why ya grounded mann :(
iPhone OS 3.0 Beta 5 is the buggiest version yet. Yuk. :(
SNL Where The F was Jimmy Fallon :( #htf
Sick as fuck :( DOUBLE_SEMICOLON GoodNight World.
Anytime @jaredr has friends over, I get a tummy ache.  :(
@smoulderingsea   :-(
What the shit, Norway won Eurovision :(
gota luv mobile tweetn now my phones dead :(
@BroksBabe09 @brian_littrell yeah I'm waiting  for  a tweet too!! :(
Ok I have nothing against big girls but want I'm sitting next to is just not what's up :-(
sandy just made my night and doesn't even know it...I miss you girls : (
@andrewrabon : But they cost money... :(
My beagle puppy ate pebbles at the beach and is now having the runs in my friends house. Grrrreeeaaat. :(
@cjs_3 I clicked the link and it came up but said it was unavailable : (
Oh wow... I seriously feel sick without my special someone :-(
:( guess it's gonna be a lonely night for me.. Someone save me please!
I'd kill for a beer, or two :(
Now I'm watching The Office finale.... with all these finales, this is the last TV Saturday for a while. :(
@yaykimo awh, im sorry :( now its gonna be like that for us!
@EzzieD i thought about that too :( i hope he doesn't get rid of the blonde!
@JennyJin89 @Makinsey i can't get in either :( aww
@MagicallyFab  i'm sunburned :(
bored and going crazy :( I hate this
I needa sleep! I'm still hecka tired. aand I have a lot of hw to do :(
not happy the weekend is near on over :(
I missed seeing Teo Ser Luck at Al-Mawwadah just now. :(
only got 3 hours sleep. :(
@Jolenegillette yesss mam. killing me. its the 3rd day i shouldnt be bleeding anymore. i have pains in my neck all the way up to my eye. :(
@FayeSwinney some say 8:30 am palan....not sure :(
Worst migrain of life :(
@tbthorpe its gotten much worse!  My stomach is a shade of red that skin should not be.  Was practically drinking SPF30 today and still! :(
I'm so delirious right now since I'm used to going to sleep early now. :(
In for a long, long day :( Got to the track at Northampton 12:30, racing starts 6:30, probably won't be back home before midnight - boohoo!
:( they are LAUGHING at me
@watermelon_pear dallas wut r u talking about? U never tell me anything u and tj talk about! U always know everything! :(
@crashpixie yep, upstate haha. i am like 4.5 hrs from nyc :(
fever fever go away.. please don't come back another day.. burning up and cold @ the same time :(
Suck. I just remembered there's no Family Guy tonight. :(
im obsessed with star trek :( this is sad.
hot rain cloud hot again and again. I play a bad match :( #tennis
oh FML, just found out tom morello is opening for janes addiction and nine inch nails..... growing up sucks :(
Have a bug bite on my leg the size of a dime... kinda purple it looks like. It's right behind my knee, so hard to see.. :(
wishes for every week whole court :( http://plurk.com/p/ua2ep
working in the morning finding it a bit stressful the last couple of days :( but i bought a shoe wheel and its amazing! took 4ever to build!
@BOLIVIANA914 y didn't you invite me :(
listening to 'Loving Wings' by Dave Matthews ? http://ifly.by/1cfa @FlyByMusic holy shit @steveagee, what not twitpic?? ha poor@jgarlin. :(
im so bored................... huhuhu....... coz theres no online    only me?????huhuhuhuhu,,,,,,,,,,,, :( and to david archuleta: pl ...
@TaeLuvsMusik ummmm, you gon gimme a prom pic right? you mad at me? :(
Hates that everyone's status is about how GREAT last night was :(
@DorkierThanU lol saddd :(
JUST GOT UP NOW IM SAD THINK I JUST LOST A FRIEND THAT WANST MADE YET :( AND @YUNGSTET IM MAD AS HELL AT U!!!
@Sydney_Renee  i miss you love muffin :-(
back to school on thursday :(
@AMomTwoBoys :( sorry he's not feeling good.
saw moraa! :-) but is dreading a study filld term :-(
@andyglassjaw I want to text you cause you say your bored. but i don't feel like i know you well enough.  :( haha
is already dreading going back to work on tuesday :(
@AJC974 5* prices are outta this world! :( And i def want to be on the next cruise - i aint missing out again ... nooooo way
i havent talked 2..(some1 speacial)  for a hole day :(
@areaK Yes, exactly! The spammos post offer links, affiliate links, sign up links - basically trying to lure people to click. :(
@DebraWard That's really sad news.  I was just wondering about him today and googled to see what the latest was &amp; found nothing. :(
@girlwithnoname Of course, no longer there :( Moved out to PoCo a few years back!
@Linds_Palencia That patron shot didnt go down smoothly :(
#3turnoffwords internet is down :-(
and not just that he bought himself a new stereo for the ute yesterday cause he hates driving with no music  :(  waaafreakinwaaa husband!!
Disappointed at the numerous failed attempts to stay awake during MJ :( when will we not fail?!!
Ok so I have been soooo lazy today......no tweets.......ny hubby says &quot;you suck&quot;!! Sorry I'll do better. : (
@hannahhbananax3 I'm sad I didn't watch it with you mom &amp; louie :(
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow... I wish I had pancake mix, but forgot to pick it up :(  Nite all!
@ColletteWhitney  Virginia beach :-(
guys i'm drunk but my vision is perfect as is my perception but everything else feels like i'm drunk :( halp
So I never got my nigga boom boom cause my dad sucks :( so now I'm watching really softcore porn :((((
I feel lightweight relaxed, but my feet hurt :( I still smell like chlorine and need to shower.
My Internet connection is awfully slow today. :-(
Sunday morning up at 7am - @iainmillar gets the lie in this morning  :(
@briandowning yea you turd! Thanks for rubbing ur in. I had to stinkin work! :( well have to plan a day for both me n Jordan to come!
Exams..exams...exams...I am looking ugly day by day ! Dark wrinkles on my face :-(
At My Friends House (2:41 am and not tired) i'm gonna miss my lovaaa who's leavin for florida :(
I'm temped to watch &quot;The Incident&quot; again tonight: http://bit.ly/jJvPb   Reruns are all we have for now. :( lost (@donmelton)
@AshySwiftnas I tried but youtube doesn't accept windows movie maker either :( It sucks..
Um, Tweetdeck is being difficult for me. :-(  Farmers Market today though!
Trying to complete my assignments for Monday :(
Really then my phone is fucked :(
Just passed the eff out. So much for the after party.... :(
is up too early for a Sunday...even the comp is still waking up :(
@Germzp ahh cool. dont know if any new ones are out - havent had much time to read the past year. I'm behind :(
@norcalmare Just a bit pissed, Mare.. :( Il be alright in the morn i hope. Feels like my hard work comes to naught.
@rhyanndee aww :( where are you babes? ;)
cant sleep anymore :( it's raining sooo hard..
is on his deathbed :(
just finished with gwar and cattle decapitation OMG the pleasure. what a good bday for me just wish someone special was with tme though :(
why do both of my best friends have to be shitty simultaneously?  Can u at least take turns hurting my feelings? jerks..  :(  going 2 sleep.
i miss montecarlo :(
Another shot at the ivy in San Diego...  No tweeps here..  :( http://yfrog.com/5f3obj
@frozen_films feb 2010 :( so does that mean all the past ghosts were just jacob's nemesis in disguise?
@travelfox aww too bad. :(
@heidimontag well my party is over and I'm suffering with a sore head this morning :-( lovely sunny morning in belfast, n.ireland :-)
http://bit.ly/7C6IA  How did he end up in such a low spot? :(
Out racing. I wish I had my car :-(
@MattJIsCool lmao. no. :( my dad un-installed it.
At Oscar Taylor's in Phoenix. I kinda miss NYC DJ's. :( This is the 2nd song nope 3rd song that's totally Cali http://myloc.me/11BQ
My laptop screen has died again :( No Twitter today :(
@James_Blunt sing away...  (wish it was to me....)  :(
explaining things to people can be frustratiing; :(
Going hiking tommorow..gonna try to get some sleep...I doubt i will though..i never do : (
i wish @premthedream wasn't being such a peepee with me :(
@amandapalmer shame you don't have any XXL sizes. my gut is regretably a bit bigger than it should be :-( but I love you anyways :-)
argghh ... have 2 wait 2 days for Kat to get back from Sydney to re-record our latest demo ... waiting, waiting... waiting :(
Photo: (via montyhobratschk) ah.  i miss barton springs… :( i also miss the shady grove. texas… do you miss... http://tumblr.com/x4p1sv0en
really needs sleep :( stomach hurts, and has a cut on her palm, lame stuff.
What is biting me?? STOP IT :(
wishes she lived in America....i dont belong here :(
@LyndaJWilson Morning! It was superduper, thank you :-) And, er, no :( xx
I'm scared to watch a scary movie by myself :( Someone callll :D
@rayjohnz Yeah :( I'll just have to watch his concert on archuletaphilippines.com It makes me want to cry and to know that he's leaving soon
just got home, from having dinner, with a good &quot;friend&quot;  He's so nice....he's leaving to Puerto Rico...i'm really gana miss him :(
is dumb tite I can't fine my headscarf... I can't go to sleep w/out it! My hair is gonna look madd scruffy tomorrow :(
my life right at this exact moment can s a d. i need my phone to be working...and to not be as gross feeling as i am :(
back to school :(
@JerElaine no cuz u cheatin on me i aint being included :(
Still in Nigeria. A bit home sick :( and cant wait for next week.
@tarynAnn boo we're moving :(
May is about to end and school is about to start again. That sucks. :(
@MCHammer the Yankees arent looking too impressive :( Spent all that money for an allstar team, they shouldnt lose A game!!!
Well. That was unexpected. Heres to a wet pillow.... :(
wants more karma. my karma today is 32.12. :( http://plurk.com/p/uaomf
@ComedyQueen been ill since the end of Feb, been told not to expect anything much before July :(
No Beyond Good &amp; Evil 2 on E3 :(
SHAKE IT OFF - MARIAH CAREY :(
@kayteesays :( Sorry to hear it.
My laptop has a virus :( Stolen @mattritchie 's while he's snoozing mwahahaha!
I've got nothing to do. Siiigh. :(
@Palmatics Yeah, also thinking about that too. :( PH is getting a lot of downtimes.
its sooo cold :(
Yet another rainy Sunday :-(
@chicalit sad state of affairs :( , thx for warning.
Richmond losing to Port is the second worst thing that can happen in AFL :(
Very busy pool this morning - like swimming in a fish farm :-(
Gonna get my encased meat on @hotdougs this morning. Looks like no foi gras, though. :(
@littlefluffycat can't yet. must finish programming lights :(  soon though!
Wtf is it with everyone and Evoo... It pisses me off :(  little extra virgin olive oil here little Evoo here... Stfu
It's really sad that I relate to this entire album :(
I was rudely awakened by by phone :(
@DjInfamous804 I didn't see nothin, prolly cuz I'm twitterin! :( what u doin now
Young sparrows, please note. Don't come indoors. :(
Soooooo tirrrrrred and my buzzzz is dyinggg! :( its gonna be even hotter tomorrow!! Whoooooooo NIGHTTT!
@CandyMaize idk :( @mandahoofs yeah i think i'm caught up, i just can't believe i missed that :'( @jradc i just feel like i missed so much
are you hatin on me @The IrishGuy ?!?!? : O .... : (
@heyennovy seriously?! LOL my mom said she didn't even notice until I mentioned it to her :(
@jessicarrrxox oh dear :( lol the trailer looks alright.  May have to watch torchwood trailer again...
@demoness2009 Yup the eee :(
call out the instigators because there's something in the air! Rain stopped gardening :-( #fb
@dansterdavid yeah she had 8 stitches :-( but im glad she is ok now
darn, Angels &amp; Demons is showing already and I haven't finished the book yet. :(
@xtineee so jealous!! BUT YOU DESERVE IT!! wish i was there! :( hope he realizes how sad i am to not be there! :(
just got home in bed, but no phonecall from begee. uh oh, im kinda worried! :(
has just woken up :( not good night have to miss churchy this morning, I'll never be ready on time butt i go tonight instead
No D5000-time yet, too much rain :-(
gud craic last nite but im dying 2day no more fu**ing cider again :(
@hhertzof Ah. Ick. My sympathies. :(
@casual_intruder I know miss cod u told me, am still waiting for the drunken ass partially nude pics :(
eurovision was good last night..shame greece came 7th :(
@theresechua Theaaaa why? :(
What a rubbish day ahead.. Work til half 5 then revision all evening :(
Is back to the grindstone. Holidays are over :(
My lil beast got crashed into :(
@gemmak500 it wasn't a nice experience, it was my lack of understanding when I got a new mortgage :-(   thank you for tweeting me :-)
@jonnoabertawe After seeing all the tweets, I wish I'd watched it now. Appears I missed a funny one :(
Moms driving me to work yet again. I need my car !! :( iam lost without it.
@theHookMan Didn't invite me :(  /cry
im kinda bored theres no one too talk too :( it must be because im an early bird lol
@joek949 need to study :( that's what im up 2! lol
nope, he didn't :-(
at homee doingg nothingg :(
I was planning to go out to take photos this am. But it's raining cats and dogs :-(
@flossa Sorry for spoiling you... :(
Seriously can not be bothered with HW gahhhh :(
just got up :( I'm so tired....and I have to work in an hour...
@kyleandjackieo there is masterchef on &amp; eurododgy vision wish u guys did BIGBRO ths year,sundaynight suck without it :(
marcus kwameeee algwah at work :( feels like a monday for me!
:/ I'm still awake :( it's a saturday/sunday night/morning!!! lol, have a safe night everyone!
sorry for the lack of tweets today! woke up and didnt hav time to do anything but get dressed. i am sick :( stuffy noses n sore throats suck
Finish gym abt half n hour ago, but mom is still in new york, doing facial. Anyone in midvalley right now?? Im bored :(
@PhillyGirl528 we need to get out of this apt fast. I had to restart my phone because I couldn't get signal to bbm you :(
I just bawled my eyes out watching marley and me :( sad movie!! I love my puppy!!!
Ive hurt my spine! :(
Oh, dear. Stocktake this week (starting tomorrow for me) at Target!! :( (@TargetAustralia) YES, they have a twitter!! haha so not following.
is at the airport but I can't check in cos the system's down :(
@Quillers Bad luck :( Hugs.
Guess what? I'm in office. Will i EVER be able to focus on my websites anymore?? :(
work tomorrow. so NOT looking forward to it... :(
Ukrainian Eurovision entry was underrated :( http://bit.ly/tc273
No electricity today, so no tweets. :(
i need to save up £140 to get my new iPod Touch :(
@syntheticseason yup yup it is collld. :(
@Karinaland yes i have it, what is your msn? awh me too :( hope you get one soon!
oh well, game cancelled due to illness :-( kinda sucks really
Settling in for Superbike Race 1 on telly. Happening just up the road &amp; i couldn't go. :-(
Met the most amazing guy: hot, good kisser, dom, and really nice...and he's married. :( But I might get to be his sub!
Why am I home so early on a Sat!? Something is not right!!!  I need to stop thinking about this person all the time!!! Not good for me :(
So lazy :-( love this bed though :-)
@BarryCarlyon I didn't understand that :(  Try commands like 'Buy 30 #tag' or 'Sell 30 #tag'
Work. Again! :( I hate this uniform! :@ xxxx
is bored with her readings :( ive been reading since friday...and im already...no...SUPER bored with it haha X... http://plurk.com/p/ub7lb
Raining and cold in London town today :( Have to go and get ready for Pilates...
is doing homework :(
has got the ebay bug again :-(
Listening to old songs out of your iTunes collection can end up being very depressing.  Time for bed before I listen to more :-( :-( :-/
Fuck. Manchester Orchestra tickets for the Bottom of The Hill Show are sold out. I could have sworn they were up there the other day :( FML
Something has clearly got up my nose this morning!! Not good, need to stop sneezing! My patience is wearing very thin indeed... :(
@skimud Sorry :(  Upside: weather says snow all day today in Georgetown CO, but clear about 6AM tomorrow &amp; then partly cloudy.Have good day!
Tired and ill and weighed down by an essay :(
tired after a pretty good weekend and now on a crash diet to fit into my ball dress properly :( oh well lol
On number 4, this bus is the old one though :(
I had a dream that i found my camera :-(
[cont]...but unless the painkillers kick in I won't be sleeping much :( this hurts so bad.
today i heard something that made me sad :(
Other half finally up and rattling around in the kitchen. Just finished second esspresso am now for too bouncy. Poor Scatty Cat is unwell :(
@burntfilm but, I was gonna say it was a cool stage :(   OK, I was gonna say wtf is up with the balklands ... but, eh
@chamila aiyo! chaa max.. I was waiting for IPL matches.. :(
@Emo_Cat uhu I have two exames tomorrow :(
Just bought slimaluma and acai. Will report in a month how they are going.  Hope my overdraft holds out :(
Morning, i have such a headache!! :(
@kingkandi: I will miss you so much too. Youre makin my heart triple jump. Its hopping, its skipping and its jumping some heartbeats! :( bye
Headache is killin me :(
doesn't no what to do :-( hard decision....
I don't feel so good. :(
Tired, its not normal to get up at 7am on a sunday :(
lost Php500 in a pizza parlor. Shet! Should convince myself that we bought the pizza for Php700 instead of Php200 :(
blah. i hate it on msn when people sign out without warning. it happened 3 times in a row.. :(
@xlbinney becca welch just told me on msn :( she was with kayleigh :@ i should've met him, not her ;) bet she lied. ;)
and and!! 3 birds have pooped on my car since i washed it, how unlucky am i :(
Argh! Sis got a new phone! :( oh wells..
is absolutly PEEEED off with Sony to sign an exclusive deal with Ghostbusters the Game! GOD DAMN YOU! Gotta wait for the PC version :(
It's almost 2 and I don't wanna gooooo :( *sob*
@Syazoo HAHAHAHA you miss him??? or you miss his smell? LOL I miss everyone :(
i dont wanna go to school tomorrow .. i want to stay home forever  and never have to go to that repulsive place again :(
rain rain rain! :-( board of this now!
i need a cool swimming pool now...but i can't jump in!.......... :(
@aimzzzzz aimee?! its ANNA!! i miss you. you should have been here :(
@SarahDownSouth Me neither. :(
trying to change plans so i can do affiliate convention and affiliate summit.unless i can change things i will miss both :(
I stained my favourite tshirt! :-(
Okay, starting to feel rubbish again. Even my fingers ache. Time for some painkillers. Wife asleep since she's worse. :-(
not happy about the Crows loss and the Power's win :-(
.. girl who has had a crush and just wanted to be with them. man, that was long. tweeter, make your replys longer :(
Ok I came home early so I can sleep early...its almost 1. : ( Coffee is a must in the morning...
Foot is out of commission :( ouch! Running this morning did not help...not smart.
can't get her bloody emails again, stupid webmail :(
Home! and not really feeling like doing anything.  :(
Twitter u suck :( !!
sat doing homework in my pjs... i wish we could go to school in pyjamas :(
Shit, didn't blog on Friday. Being ill sucks :(
@purzlbaum also councelorZH meinte des waere sicher :-( ;-)
That seems a bit overkill  :(
hating this red spots on her skin! :(
omg, no. gonna have to eat by myself all this week... i hate eating by myself :(
Guava Gallery then Hiking with some amazing friends one last time.. :( going to miss everyone here!
Going to enjoy my day in work looking like a drowned rat. Fun times :(
@steph_davies OMG steph. you guys are so luckyyy. :| 6 times? :( that is so better than watching the concert. =))
tummy upset today :( hates exams and wants it's appetite back please!!! also why is it sunny when i'm stuck inside revising? boooo
@HoptonHouseBnB Translation - sorry, trying to fit around 140 characters :(
@ladybug8320 Hiya - naw - no plans - weathers pants - gone really bad now :(
b?i vì m hay ?? ý ~ cái nh? nh?t l?m, nên ?a ?oan c?ng ph?i thôi! th?t là khi?n ngta bu?n qá th? ?i ?c ?ó mà! :(
Maita: here's a pic of the concert, sorry for the hazy quality, iPhone photos are like that :(   http://twitpic.com/5cs7v
still revising for Maths monday :(  Twilight competition: http://bit.ly/h6WBv
The rain is keeping me from riding bandit :-( It feel like someone cancelled Christmas. :-(
@FMS182 @BlueEyed_Cat omg i cant believe this guys :( GRRRRR
sister came back...but nothing for me :(
@A1mz OMG how come :(
@goldfoil ahhhh jealous, those are beautiful amazing. T_T the design is so intricate and awesome. :(
@MmmBaileys no make cry! make you me cry! :-(
wth I have a blank pokemon card :(
@zukipuu aww :(  I CAN sleep but I'm too busy drawing lezbeans. 8D
is tired of maths revision + wishes it was over with. :(
@marcjohnson That is what I would use in ASP.NET however I am working on Windows Forms so such niceties are lost to me :(
@Broooooke_ i cry my eyes out in that part :( i cry my eyes out in the whole movie... haha x
what a night.. :( i thought everything will be olryt..
Maths and RE exam tomoz! :( I havn't even started to revise RE =\
Got the optical drive of my laptop replaced this Saturday. Weird, but it simply stopped reading DVDs although it was able to read CDs :-(
@robsteadman i dont think the bbc should be paying anything towards it :(
I just burst my grandsons balloon and now he won't speak to me :-(
found £1 near mc ds bus stop yday @ elephant (dance studio) and it had to go to waste :(
@Hareesun Yeh, because of the antenna :(
am back just had to restart lappy :(
@jedielf nothing to be said... Just nothing. :(
@Morrica Norway won it :(
I am still trying to wrap my head around my maths homework - t'is not going so well :(
@xxneeseyx not in mine (ours!! lol) it isn't! :(
come to think of it,.... for a lot of things :(
Bummer, I had over 50 Six Word Saturday entries.  Until I had to delete a couple bc there were no six words.  :(
Sunday is here again.... why do the weekends go do fast :(
@roofer_on_fire Psh first off dad makes em better second off i dont have any pancake mix :( thirdly im not actually a pancake fan
why do people think that because they have a camera it makes them a photographer?  its taken me 4 years to DARE to call myself that :( #fb
I want mac and cheese. :( But GOOD mac and cheese. Not the crap I make.
Oh great the last twit got owned. :(
RT @Padmasree Knitting is harder to comprehend than string theory :( #owhatatangledweb
Doing a little homecleaning before a new week of working starts tomorrow :-( But only 3 days this week :-))))
uuuugh...how mad am i that blink182 has not posted a tour date in MD or in DC....very very very sad right now :( Work all day..flags owns me
is sat eya bored outta her head :( x x x
@thomasfiss do u know brandi and sam? ive a problem with them :( answer me please..
Relaxing listening to Radio one. Forgot eurovision was on last night :( Had a good night though.
@amy2207 I really don't make sudden movemnts in math, she could rape me :( naawww *tweet hug* oh yeah, twitted rules XD
My hair is ruined from the rain already :(
:( where does time disappear to? does it get sent to a factory where they spindle it to make cotton singlets?
Back at work again :( at least star trek was great!!!
At work: organised chaos. Home time: Work to do. More organised chaos. Oh my poor sanity is taking a battering :-(
@TessMorris not right in the head :(
Trying to make a video of my daughters play and the software is being stuborn or my P.C.- LOL :-(
:( didnt get to see her but will some other time. as for today just going to chill at the house if i can get away with it!!
Because I couldn't name a son Eldarion (that's the macbook's name). Life at school is already hard enough if you're a nerd :(
I have two more days of freedom. Then the summer semester starts. :(
Damnit! Net connection's real slow :( Oh well, Hot Fuzz is the only comedy in my collection. So Hot Fuzz it is... http://plurk.com/p/ucayn
@Nailhead SAD FAEC :(
ah, lin dan vs park sung hwan game is too predictable... no fun watching it :(
@Omgkatie :( I'll be over in a min? (I wish..)
poor @mileycyrus not even in the Bahamas they leave her alone :(
@makefate yes, i got it wet and put it in the dryer but that still didn't get the wrinkles out.  :(
@RespectMileyC You have school tomorrow :(  aw that sucks!!!   How is Australia ?
im getting a rash from that necklace. ughhh i hate being allergic to metal. :(
@Pamluther I couldn't sleep the whole night :-(  ...
Atleast Now, All fake political drama by parties (to get votes) in TN in the name of suffering Eelam Tamils will end, Thats it, Game over :(
@A_Lay :-( idkkk but at least when I'm about to move we can have insane parties here cuz there'll be no furniture ^_^ LOL
@heycassadee I cheered when you supported FOB and I didn't get a kiss! :(
@darkmindedsith I was meant to be doing my LP this weekend but I can’t because I’m so ill. How sad? :(
@ConnorJack the forum and the store are took down. and the other language are teken down :(
@kylerhea (sorry very delayed) but YES, and they certainly did not help the hung over head :( and @shutupmeg all birds deserve death
@suziperry Great race, such a shame for Rossi :(
@FrankieTheSats i wanna come see you on tour, but the date i could come is the date im seeing mcfly, gutted :( !!
Just gettin in had a nice nite with tha hubby,about to get sum R&amp;R(rest&amp;relaxation) in b4 2morrow sneaks up on me :( y cant weekns b longer!
misses her 1F-am of 2005. :(
@ConnorJack  every language doesnt work :( damn EA!
Is sitting at home incredibly tired and now with a sore throat :( :( :(
-@fearnly haha!! im only enjoying revision cos im on twitter/fb/watching moto gp lol...must concentrate now :-( exam in morning
@ddlovato_real I miss you more though! :(
What's open at 6am for breakfast in Seattle? :(
Singing my heart out, but now my throat is sore again :(
So effing tired. :( - So effing tired. :( http://bit.ly/4kv8wK
frigging hates doctors!!! hollyoaks should of won :(
got twitter and facebook raped :-(
Is at work.,. Soooooo tired and bored :(
Gorgeous sunny day is so getting wasted inside, but what can I do, I got work to do :(
@lilyroseallen heya hope u r lovin ur hols while im doin my pissin music tests :( lol lav ya x x
@selenagomez AHA i love you and pop tarts and i dont like them toasted , they get crunchy and break :(
@lindsaybarclay i had to work all day yesterday :( i wanted to come hang out but i felt like shit and went to bed early.
@ARustedSmile Ouch. Ok then, you're in trouble! :-(
Up, gotta sing in a couple hours, LORD I am tired. Might not be making that beach run today, I got a lot of work to do :(
Stuff Premier. It just jags the video. I have no programs whatsoever that will work with this HD smoothly :(
@SarahCyrus im gonna take a nap now i think..i have a headaache :(
I don't think I will continue with my Niley series because no one watches them... :(
So this morning I woke up too early! I'm still sleepy!! :(
@rdelizo35 sometimes I think I'd love insomnia if it didn't come with fatigue :(
:( cant afford to see Angels and Demons, so i watched it for free: http://tr.im/lvBu
Battery is knackered in my main laptop. Dell want €130 for a replacement. Feck it. I'll be upgrading soon :(
best friend's graduation today-do. not. want. :(
Had a dream that she met @tayswift and wished it was reality! :(
planning the route to Craigdarrock Castle from Swartz Bay, Victoria. Public transit system is not listed on Google Maps :( #vancouver
It takes a lot to get me angry and I cool off quickly. But, I do not like people who try to step up by putting down someone else.! :(
@atlantisjewel Wish I could say :(
a boy was very cruel yesterday and threw a rock off my head and now its swollen and sore. :(
not such a good day today, sun is taking a break :(
Waking up with some migraine to ruin my day :(
@brampitoyo - ZOMFG. @portlandpolice certainly must have a better use of taxpayer $ than incarcerating a #typenerd.?!?    :(
Re www.skirt.com @cdharrison @tiburon @thagler: Agree site looks great! But check #a11y: no alt text on nav imgs = scrn-reader unfriendly :(
A little late for church...had to straighten my zac efron hair :(
@sophieholly of course not hayley is a ledge. aha. im doing r.e revision done 14 pages on one module and ive got more to doo :( xx
alicia thought i was the black creeper :( haha off to clean!
today has gone really quickly for me, i dont know why since i have done nothing all day :(
@blackviperion Will auch :(
Madama Butterfly closed last night at Miami Opera, and I thought it wasn't closing until next week :(
@sebby_peek with someone :( I know I hurt you, and that's why I'm sorry :(:(
@DenisGobo Although - State of Fear is on my book case, I've yet to read it :-(
I fell like im going to throw up and die : (
I'm so jealous of the astronaunts right now, I wish I was with :(
damn i cant get a contract phone and its driving me mad ..... why cant i get one ..... and i need one soooooo badly :(
had my first ever nose bleed :(
I miss  you.... :(
My name is Kathryn and I wish I was at Jordancon today : (
Going to colins graduationnn :(
i don't feel good :( haha i think i'm about to go up to exxon and visit @gabbyfosho
U have got to be kidding me my power just went down at the worst time possible uggggghh :(
tt's all for diving this weekend! :(
I miss him already :(
I'm fed up! :-(
Just time traveled. In Denver where they also don't believe in starbucks in the airport (or at all) :(
@bernardyeoh star trek was full use :(
Really Needs to REVISE!! Theory in a couple of weeks :(
oh no! i drop my iphone and i lose my new #sharepoint pow#ershell install scripts :( this weeks task is go get them off backups!
So sad that my cousin is graduating from BU today!! : (
thanks alli now i got that black eyed peas &quot;boom boom bullshit&quot; stuck in my head :(
Just got home. have a hang over, and really want some cake :( idk why?
Few things seem as out of whack as waking up on a Sunday and going to work. :(
Gettin packed up to leave &quot;home&quot; :(  we luv`d our visit wish we had time to see everyone we want to ! Not enuff time in the day ! Next t ...
&amp; rain again. :(
Is awake and getting ready to start my day :(
very slow computer today... :(
@paulrobertlloyd to my dismay, the UK have long proven quite euroskeptic, unless they can get preferential treatment :(
Aw headache... Im at work till 8pm :(
@bayard0 mind sending me the address via DM? No email yet. :(
I just spent two hours orginizing all my plugs, wires, and electronics. I decided to charge everything and I've shorted my power. :-(
Wishing I was working outside instead of being stuck at inside. Unfortunately, no Internet connection outside. :(
is in Tom's room and is trying to unleash this dissertation from my mind into this laptop.......but its not working :(
Dayum! Tomorrow's a big day, brush there,wipe here,clean there. . blah blah. Oh no! I am not doing that.. :(
So excited for dairy bar, but just found out its closed :(
@_Trystianity_ No tags. :(  But I will never again be big enough to wear them. ;)
pens are a right rip off :(
gahhh I cant get the skype thing to work on my phone :(
@Nebaby true. i havent had chocolate in a longggg while, almost amonth :(
time to leave psu...so sad :(  heading home today
@lizzy1e I know, but it's rainy. That is my hesitation. I'm still not over my last cold/fever and I don't wanna get re-sick. Haha. :(
Another loser: Thanks to @HappySinger I have lost the game :( http://tinyurl.com/ost72e
@angiepanda 19 till summer :(
@i_rock_it plus i wanted to buy a sexy dress :( and get all dolled up.
wants to do something radical...but not sure what that something is. :(
@doncarey sux cuz when i last saw you i wuz like.. eh, ill see him again so ill tell him &quot;good luck &amp; have fun&quot; later. but :( so good luck!!
@sgtmatrix Those two are hoot and a half, but without 'em my days would be deadlier than ....something dead lol @tantamani Aww damn! :(
My daughter wants 2 go on a date w daddy. Looks like I'll have 2 c Monsters vs Aliens again :-( wasn't really good, but coraline 2 dark
@Bkshorty2love I have to go too! Well to the Catholic Church... I'm sleepy :(
disslikes a certain somebody who is stealing my friend (via @trendylicious) my bad :(
Id go but the madre is commin up... : (
wanna go somewhere but noone has enough time :(
will be back home soon, yay! Unloading and unpacking all of my things...not so yay! :-(
Really HATE being allergic to pollen! Today is not going to be as planned. - I have to stay inside, at home! :(
@WaterVole sorry no badgers :-( I was rooting for you! Is this the European Badger? We have a diff species here in USA. Neat animals!
@dsthestar1121 Lol! Well it's Sunday right? Nice and chill... tryna get well rested for the coming week, cuz my weekend is almost over :-(
Why in the hell was I awake at 6am on a Sunday :(
Andrew, you suck! (:  ME: You Have No Friends HIM: Jasper ME: Who's Jasper.. *waits* HIM: Oh.. Casper ME: *Laughs* HIM: :(   I &lt;3 u Drewbie.
http://twitpic.com/5d3vc This is what my son looks like after the fight with his brother yesterday. :( At least his nose isn't broken.
@NoodleButt I am lost. Please help me find a good home. :(
:( do you have any halls brand medicated throat lozanges?
@mgeezy Why are you so mean Mark ? :-( but I saw you yesterday, soo!! WE NEED TO GO HIKING IN THE RAINFOREST! let me know when!
@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/5atcr - ye look awesomeee  i wish my hair was like yours taylor :(  ye both are so pretty..  Lov , ash x
Is exhausted after todays photoshoot -slogging through harbour mud to get boats is no fun :( Ready and excited for Lost this eve though!
I wanna hate  he :(
@rusty519 I think the spouse is going to kill my beach day :(
Where's my sunshine this morning?  Is June gloom here early this year?  :(
i've just burnt my forehead :(
my condolences to natasha richardson's family :(
is heading home :( call me i am going on the road for a while
:( new paramore now
i cant beilieve we dont have enough history text books when i dont understand untied irish men :( i also dont understand treaty of v...HeLP
@MIZZ_MARII ...no girl in the tanning salon thers no sun outside today... :-(
@blueholly just switched to unlimited messaging for $10 more a month but that was a costly misstep :( how does one accumulate 2600+ sms!!!
wonders if she will be able to cheer her wifey up? :-( http://plurk.com/p/ue7do
In pune wind is blowing too slow from East Side :( my room is getting hotter :(
Going out a walk, even though its pissing down, drama studying is killing me :( http://tinyurl.com/pzo2u5
im lonely :-( keep me company! 22 female, Ithaca - New York
im lonely :-( keep me company! 22 female, Baltimore - Maryland
@Vivbb zen ngh? ng??i ta ch? làm theo ch? tiêu ?? '? tr?n' rót ti?n xu?ng cho các bác xài. Mà chán, m? tivi là th?y phim Vi?t, Trung Qu?c :(
@Erock2106 This link doesn't work on my bb!! :( when I'll use my computer I'll go to see it!! Thanks for the link Erick!! ;)
besttt night everrr. i feel like shit and i have a big bruise?! :(
I'm cursed.  i have bad luck with cars :(
Champagne on the beach- then goodbye miami :(
is slowly gathering the lost files.. :(
Helloo! Its Sunday... 5 to 6... and... raining :(
Whole Foods and drop offs in the future.  Was going to go to Tommy's for lunch but because my Mother sucks, that isn't going to happen :(
The rain is really loud again :( and ok Danni
@wesborland I asked Fred a million times but he dosen't answer at all..... :(
@420thoughts :-( sending you the good vibes
Today is so gloomy :(
@BlackoutsBox Of course, they still register your number in Ireland, but don't support tweets :(
felling like complete shit  : (  &amp; i still need to write my paper
Summer classes start tomorrow :( atleast its just Jazz History
at the laundra mat because my washer is broken :(
@matman617  ahhh u ppl w/ your lovey dovey bo log na sicken me!  &gt;:(   jk ...just miss thinking abt having my gf waiting for me at home  :(
work, then season finale of gossip girl :(
Roving restaurants that Twitter (just in LA :( )  http://bit.ly/186OhO
AHHHHHH! E-mailing photos to my mother should not be this difficult. :(
working on a Sunday :(
@jordyCF haha i wanna do mine 2morrow but i dont think we will get it finished in time =[ ours is so stupid :(
@itsabell Oh yeah, that's so soon =// Can't you stay much longer? :(
@dazes. LMAO stop hating! it wasn't my fault. :(
Almost done with this term! Why does it have to be so nice out today while im stuck in here :(
Still haven't heard anything :(
@lyditriz i can't find you on facebook :( lol
Wanting summer to start... fed up of this weather! :(
My friend doubled my &quot;Simon Says&quot; score.... She is nine ; I am getting old :(
@kencamp I think we should talk to each other MORE. I was not amused to NO longer see you as part of my stream :(
@latticelinux Grr...you need sex every hour on the hour :(
time is going realy quick today :(   x
RT @Buddhagyrl Come on folks get out &amp; adopt in TX RT @centraltxspca No dogs or cats adopted yesterday @CTXSPCA No applications either :(
Where oh where is my @L2LJ??? :(
In dallas - early - an hour until my next flight :(
I don't know what I hate more. The weather being gross and gray, or the weather being sunny and bright, but not being able to enjoy it :(
I do hate exams :( x
hates it when Restaurant City is down. :( http://plurk.com/p/ovchv
LOCKED. Since I was 22 mins late &amp; they meet in a public school, I don't blame 'em. Still, I'm now 1 for 3 today. :(
Sighhhh..I miss my precious puggle Sami :( i'm just about ready to go home..
Witnessed JJ take two steps today at brunch. No twitpics though :(
@FakerLoveJuice HAHAHA fuking HA!!!!!!!!!!!!! and yes a BIG assed sausage..god i feel like THE twitter slut :(
@Esme_Cullen26 Overall pretty well. We miss our sister though. :(
@michelleday a;sdlfjka;slkdfj FU. i cant believe im grounded and i missed coldplay. TWICE! both times! :( wow. fml
@l3xi3sunshine are you mad at me : (
soo much work to do. but all i want to do is sleep. :(
i want some mexican foood :(
@elainerogers Cement on new wooden floor - are you sure? :(
at the office...  : (
RT @TheAmazingCat: :( cant afford to see Angels and Demons, so i watched it for free: http://tr.im/lvBu
@UniqueGuitarist im not listening to them, i didnt no it was on :(
@Ryankfm that's just awful! sorry to hear! such an inconvenience &amp; some thing are irreplacable! :(
woow sunday! well .. not for me :(
Man, the rain is pouring down... I wanted to get my tan on today :(
@yorkshirenick38 haha takes cheeky to know cheeky :-p x yep im afraid diet tomorrow :( xx
Getting ready to send my youngest off to spend the night with Mamaw! :(
found a dog then the owner came and picked him up :(  can't wait till tomorrow!!!
@nickfulco &quot;Eew-off to airport &amp; whoever djtinat &quot;Leslie&quot; somethin dmessaged me saying she made out w/samantha :(liar.She needs attention :(
On my way to church. Yipeee :(
@RaqC myy fridge is lookin empty, too :(
Carmz_mina: my mom just doesnt approve of anything i do. My parents hate me :(
@donnelaith yeah I work Monday-Friday &amp; I'm down to 2 employees so it's impossible to switch :(
Politely requests no SN spoilers tonight as I can't watch it til tomorrow, stupid V+ clashes :-(
@phisigpadron oo long story... I think things just might be done with danny :( I'm still just trying to figure everything out..
about two &amp; a half hours till lakers game, woo! should i wear my kobe jersey? idk every time i wear my nba jerseys, their team loses LOL :(
wishes she was at the arena right now, seeing the girls again :(
http://twitpic.com/5ddpr - This was lodged in my tire : (
Nobody here will eat sushi with me... :(
Wait..with all the uber friendly GNU/Linux distros around, what now may be called the rites of passage for a linux user? None, I guess :(
@sarahlarson WHAT?! Holy shit, I'm sorry honey :(
is going to school 2moro to revise :(
...scratch that.. de-thatching next weekend hopefully, no power rakes available and it's going to rain today.. :(
how come we never talk on Skype anymore? :(
Got sausage links instead of sausage patties :(
Oh and I also found a large bald patch on my head behind my ear earlier. Alopecia, why not, let's make a day of it while we're here :(
@atrustaijitu awww. Can't view it on my blackberry. Says unavailble for mobiles :(
@ninety9dots i play rc until mm wants to kill me. so im trying to make myself feel better by not going online. sorry plonkies :(
Going to work :(
I miss Sarah and Sean already :( lol
revisiong :(
@beckinelson yer somehow i think i will be a wembley not knowing i have tried my best :( my last is the 3rd.
@REGYATES start reading texts again :( PLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEASE!
@dicrile oh wow... U need to be careful :(
needs someone to cuddle... :(
blaahh  :( is still missing havié. xD
im so sad what on earth am i going to do tommorow with no college i know its sad but im gonna miss Mr preston and neil lol :(
french oral exam tommorow :(
i miss my son :( going to have a good day no matter what.
wow...who woke Oakland up? after DET beating them by combined score of 23-2 in first two games, OAK up on DET 6-0 in bottom of the 2nd :(
@MusashiBeats my regular bottle of $5 wine is $15 here...gone r the days of 4 bottles for $20 :( its a sad day.
I don't have a damn phone charger at the moment :( but as soon as @KidnapDan brings me back to my car, my phone will be happy once again!
watching come dine with me in the sanctity of my room- am back at uni though :(  WHOO english term though!
Missing you soo much grandad :(
:( so i might not be able to go tonight:(
Ok @HiEsso said I'm too grown for a sidekick..UGH well then what the hell can I get tweeps I SICK of this BB in fact I HATE it :( I have tmo
has no more temporal anomalies, trans-warp conduits or inverse-tachyon beams to watch. :(
at home listening to music...mann i wish it would just rain already i feel like cuddling up with someone :(
in bed with vertigo. can't move my head :(
Has nothing to do on a sunday afternoon. Waiting for the ginger to get back to me about our lunch date. Blah. Twittering cuz i'm bored :(
i am sooooooo sad i can't go to bonnarooooooo this year :(
@Dunncity city! Now y you wanna go and do that now luv...y u wanna go&amp;do dat :( we go wayyy bak!shit like dis aint sposed 2 happen bruh
N79 sales package says I'd have Software DVD in the box, dont have it :( http://europe.nokia.com/n79/specifications
install of db worked first time, failed second time. Difference 2nd install I did the pre-reqs oh dear time for third attempt :-(
Haven't been able to talk to him all weekend, and now he's off seeing Angels &amp; Demons :(
i'm disappointed that harry potter is gone from the trends :( sigh
is tired but her body doesn't want to sleep :( http://plurk.com/p/uei3q
Wow. Last night's dreams were... effed up. Seriously. I woke up shaking. People I love were getting hurt. A lot. Bad juju. No fun at all. :(
@ClipsFC Ya.. I'm thinking to now.. :( But i had really a high configured PC.. 5 Rating in Vista
@magnumt Don't worry I do.. I drink lots of Stout and beer and cider.. but I am a wine person :(
happend yet again :(
I don't want to work tonight! :(
@jillhanner amen. at least with fb is you are offline you stay that way. with myspace it puts you online every time. i hate it. blah. :(
my brother is missing. :(
woke up with a really sore throat :( good morningg
just got home from church..now helping my sis pack for her trip to Turkey and Greece :(
John Andretti is not in the field as of now :( #bumpday #indy500
stuck at work on this gorgeous day :(
....@satanicpanic: I want Oreo cream pie. :(
My camera has some problem that's causing a line to appear at the bottom of all my pics. Wish I'd known this b4 taking 500+ at wedding. :(
Aww :-( dead kitty in the road
@robertashley nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo :( ::tears::
@erickacartman NO HE WASN'T - my satellite info lied :( jay was though so i could complain too much haha
It's going to be a great day! Finals start tomorrow :(
GASP! *as he surfaces for air* Phew! It seems there's a life going on outside of work, must try it sometime.... :-(
At work, this is fun :(   nothing worse in life than feeling like your being taken advantage of? http://myloc.me/12N7
@transiit : ( Sorry to hear/read that. Do something indulgent today, something just for you. You deserve it!
@talkingoftricia well shes already announced those 3 nightmare words :(
is afraid bejeweled and tetris are going to be blocked next week :-(
AJ &amp; I made really yummy salads with hard boiled egg bits to put on top. And I don't want to go to work. :(
Idk what to tell her or do to prove its not bullshit Idk how i let things get this bad :( &lt;/3
Someone PLEASE take Gossip Girl away from me. I'm addicted :-(
Just woke up not long ago.. I'm so bored :( lol maybe I should study for finales..? Nahh.. I don't feel like it xD
@BernardDelmundo I know :( It slipped out of my hand, flew into the wall. The back cover came off and the battery fell out :(
@backstreet Wow! He really should. b/c if he has it and it's not treated, it could cause harm. :(
Show just started... Veronicas on stage! Woo-Hoo... Black Eyed Peas just showed up. Fergi lookin dope! Delayed flights are no good : (
@demonscars :( I'm sorry, I know you were really looking forward to it. But, if it helps at all, if we gig in the city, you are our drummer
Oh Zachary Quinto, why must you be gay? :( We could have beautiful babies together, kk. :(
i miss my mom  :(
@JenBrately I wish I could have been there! I'm bummed :-( hope you had a good time!
At work, wishing I was out on the boat :(
twisted my ankle which is now in the process of swelling :(
watching garfield 2 - i miss uk soo much : (
i just seen a fat pug on tv.... :(
last night i dreamt that rapper ice-t robbed my store :( sounds funny now, but it was SCARY!
Chilling on sofa, got real bad heart burn / indegestion pains :( :( :(
too much homework :( im going to fail the u.s. constitution test :(
running out of battery. bummed i can't live tweet notes from :( @zephoria #tltsym09
Missing you little brother.  I'm guessing there is no gmail in heaven then :(  ? http://blip.fm/~6h45d
@lpfmfan I`m excited too.But i haven`t an iTunes account :(
Last Day of Full Tilt FTOPs Events....Playing at least two of the MiniFTOPs today.  Have not cashed in a single one yet :(  Good Day for 1st
This weekend stuck at home was a total waste.  No more hospital visits for me!     :(
Slowly gettn out of bed to a rainy day. Guess no layin out today :(
I want a StarCraft 2 beta invite! :(
@Just_Dani :( aww really?
I'm hungry but idk what I want to eat :-(
@sdbargainmama Sorry was exhausted - glad you liked the horrible pictures :( didn't have time to do any others - can't wait for the pro 1s
likes Hellotxt.com.... but only when it works :-(
Thought there wouldn't be homework sundays after AP testing :(
Recovering from what can only be described as a monstrous migraine :(
i keep getting really dizzy and my ears feel all stuffy... it's not a pleasant feeling :(
aww tim got mad and made me take it down :(
likes Hellotxt.com... but only when it works. Most of the times, it doesn´t :-(
had plenty of sleep. but don't want to do anything :(
@pault107 i cant hear the voices due to laughs and so I dont understand the prologue :(
@stephenfry Great to see Gordon Gordon back on Bones.  I loved your air guitar :D  so is Gordon really hanging up his spurrs?  Hope not :(
Already missing Nick and Julia :(
wow after 10 hours of working on spanish homework I am finally done! Until tomorrow... :(
http://twitpic.com/5dib4 - me and steph   awww shes left now :( (N)
@ollycromack stop it i'm hungry and didn't defrost anything :(
@Wossy i am soooo jelous :( i wanna play sims 3 :(
Dang... Lab Manager doesn't support ESXi hosts? :(  http://twitpic.com/5dif9
@aegies since chuf money is a bad iPhone owner, yes you can play your music in the BG of Peggle but popcap did not include peggle music :(
RT @zaibatsu @msaleem, http://digg.com/d1o6am Amazing view...feeling so incredibly powerless in the face of ireversibility :(
Looking for a new show to watch . : (
nice and relaxing sunday. Only been out once to bin a little bird the neighbours cat got :-(
is off to show some houses and miss the first half of the game.  :(  Do me proud Lakers!!!
is trying to finish the final thesis. this nite. :(
I want  Raybans :(
On our way back to school...I don't wanna go backkkk :(
It's kinda cold. I wish I would have grabbed a jacket :(
NEED TO DO LAUNDRY! These underwear suck :-(
Ugh, sick. :( Can't get rid of it!
@thatsjustrachel LOL YES I DO SO HARDY-HAR-HAR. :(
I hope they find Tommy the tortoise :( he was so cute
RT @DamienCripps Nice pic!  I tried to RT you, but it was too long. :-(
I don't wannnnnnnna work. :(
I'm up...and not overly happy about it :-(
@littleleez I did, too, but usually by the time it comes up through twitterfox it is 2 and a half minutes after original posting. :-(
pasta for dinner I think....I miss sunday dinners :(
At work....what a drag :(
it is ridiculously nice outside. there's gotta be something to do today..i want some barbq :(
dang didnt get through either :( , again after this song?
@Sean_Boon this one especially unpleasant :-(
Facebook is maintaining my account. Can't log on : (
I am getting nowhere on the paper frontt :( ughhhh
@tsuyoto Sucks tho 'cause he's the only bidder. :(
@tiffmcmillan lol, i went to sleep at 5 am...woke up at 7 30 :(
@wentworthmiller I hated you died  the end :( .... Come walk to brasil Went.
@aaaairy we can't help ourselves. :(
@girlygirl1112 I am lost. Please help me find a good home. :(
Getting ready for work again... : (
@MUFFMOMMY :-( sad I missed it!!!!
Not looking forward to this week, last week at work, feeling really sick :-(
I'm totally not going to pass my 203 course. :(
is beginning preparation for the MCAT : (
jennna! im really sorry : ( trulyyyy! please forgive me!
My mom will not pick up her phone.......hate when that happends! :(
Why is twittering so much more interesting than writing about eLearning in Further Education?    :(
wow can't believe I got send home from work. I don't want to get sick :(
@iamspectacular current mode : aggy .. cuz allergies are a muthafuckaa :-(
@e_lee2008 I'm frozenn ahh I'm turnin into a ice statuee it was just summa yesterdayy now its winter :-( http://myloc.me/12Xk
OMG, Thanks Chris Sung, I walk in the house w/ a HARDCORE Smell of korean BB...THE KIM CHI SMELL IS GOING TO SINK INTO MY CLOTHES! GAHHH! :(
M/m. I guess It's only reruns of Ned's. :-(
Omg hahhaa I already forgot.... But wait... This sat? I'm going to be in AC :(
@veganscore they are all gone :( sorry! just got off and read this
@absentelk http://twitpic.com/31kwi - Awww, Me and Kay saw some cows at the farm.  They looked depressed. :( Badtimes.    Kay name ...
@brittany821 :( yea,im abt to leave now--girl,they are out there straight partyin lol makin all that noise
would be heading to the club but got a flat :(
i may have a bed and bath sooon....SHATTERED :(
The zipper of my favorite pants is now broken :( i have perma open crotch!
oh Fenerbahce; not again :(
@OperationA how did u get all thoses followers? i only have 6 :(
Marazion middle distance is really starting to look impossible with less than 2 wks to go and still a very poorly foot. Really :-(
@yung_chris I never said you wasn't i was just pointing out the truth! It's okay for dudes but not for girls.. fckin double standard! : (
Goin 2 the vet.... :-( to take the dog....R.I.P NONO
@Keenhero I wish you came to subway. :(
youtube isn't working for me. :(
shittty moood :(
hates being at work today :(
My mom's cockatiel just died. :(
isPlayer Has Died! Sorry :(
@FaceMode just holla if you need me to cop some 4u. So sad you're not here. Not the same w/o you, sis :(
Is pissed off that there's no ASBA's for a radio station. :(
Mommas and Daddies!  What age did you switch your kiddos to a toddler bed? 2 y/o climbing out of crib everynight - sleeps by door. :(
@PsychoToM to be fixed :( .. I use my sisters computer , whice is the stupidest computer ever ..
Today was not a good day for my self-esteem. :(
@MzLushable i didn't even get to enjoy the sun today... :(
working today! :(
Earthquack! :(
Worst day ever :(
@Stephy10288 i see how it is : (
Missed the earthquake. :(
love my boyfriend but so tired of explaining to people why he's never out with me. :(
@fighttheprocess thank you for checking on me :( lol
@mcaro05 LOL for real we do :(
@pirateking1974 you are such a sweetie!!!! but its ok, fin the frugal has the $$ for me to borrow, just not happy about unexpected costs :(
@maryrosepugs Same here :(    only a month left
And we're back to my world.  :(  no more vegan friendliness.  Back to ordering sides of veggies.
Earthquake in Cali :-(
I tried to cook Michael something. When did I find out? When the smoke detectors started to go off. :( Wendy's here we come! Woohoo.
Today I went looking for people from Facebook to talk to about CIA project, but I ended up in a big empty building I guess they moved :(
@ttayJ are you serious!? Mines fully charged right now :( haha
@StyleUnleashed :(
sin bateria :(
I hate earthquakes!! : (
@OhAlisa u didn't offer me any :(
@RichieSosa shit in my house in orlando.. im trapped here till end of june :( i just want to escape lol
if I fall asleep now... I'll get 5 hours of sleep :(
I need a new phone! :(
@anaz sorry we missed 2nd half. Kidlet hurt himself on rough edge of chain link fence at back of bleachers and needed to leave :(
relaxing  tireeeeed  and sunburned :(
Noooooo! :-( RT @rejaw: Rejaw is shutting down. Please see http://rejaw.com/rejaw/shout/OOfs2wUaLql for details
Typical - beautiful, clear skies and nicely hot temps every day this week until Friday when it'll rain. That's Friday as in, my birthday. :(
Good nite kc! Its monday already :(
Oh man. Im slacking. Help me guys! :(
@Moriqua143 I apologize btw if my past tweets sounded confrontational cuz I went back n re-read them n I sounded like a Dick @ times :(
@golfdock Sadly mine did. : (
if only i had 20/20 vision...without it i can't wear super-cool aviator sunglasses like i want to :(
tonight was amazing, but I miss the good old days :(
my poor baby cat was so scared :(
@Shortpacked Of course, it may be a moot point because I don't think I have the time to swing THAT far out of my way :(
Alcohol has turned me into a jerk tonight. :(
goodnite tweeple! Must get rest...long day tomorrow :(
@winchester79 few days. :(
Goodnight extremely tiring weekend... I'LL MISS YOOH! :(
i have to write a speech on &quot;speeches&quot;. wtf. thanks raz. :(
@hardertospell @apurplepatch I wants to be half way through Buffy. :( damn other stuff that needs doing.
Likes sugar :(
@crispinfreeman i wish i was able to go :(
thinks that it is a sadsad Monday. with the weather like this, it feels like Ghost Town. :(
got his lanvin shoes but they were the wrong size :-(
@bblweb sorry I wasn't of much help to you :( Did you fix your problem yet?
p.s. i wasn't in the earthquake. just wanted to fit in with you cool calfornians : (
is bidding adieu to Apple Valley for a while :(
My sunburn hurts so fucking bad. I'm about to take the most painful shower of my life, but it needs to be done. Ugh. :(
@WayneDaStar Whats wrong? :(
@winchester79 Neither of them are interesting, just PAINFUL. It happened by walking around Boston all day. :(
Aw, made tea that smells really wonderful, but tastes like water because I didn't steep it long enough :(
@Bones_Fans I haven't put the iPhone down quite yet, but soon. I'm bummed, no Bones episode (repeats) recorded :(
Such a harsh but true realization :-(
now i feel fat :( i just ate chips instead of a mandarin :(
@POOHZi3 im snackin on sum whie cheddar cheez it lol :(
@goodvybe ok ok I wanna go!!! Damn it...... I'm sad now :( hahaha
This night shift is killing me.. lost my watch last night too.. :(
@astynes Goodmornin Amber my friend.((HUGS)) Edward is yumsky. Dexter is a close second. lol! I love Midnight Sun, wish it was finished :(
I am so hungry :(
@x0ludachr1s2x my lady week in SD!! :(
@erikchew Yeh, me too :(
@alex316 Cause I felt heaps sick, well I think I am sick now cause of my dad :( Well I'm on my iPod but I'll come on still lol
@LauraDimes im still here in manila babes as always. :-( i miss you!!!!!!!!!!!!
@blasphy we dont have wifi yet+my brothers are constantly playing some dumb game :( and yes! i deleted everything haha
RT @Flight007: At home. Resting from my New York trip. I hate the weather in Germany at the moment. :-(
i'm so bad....needs to stick to my MIA mode. :( news: wong wong &amp; mui mui is turning 1 tomorrow, and their mom is about to give birth AGAIN!
off to bed, wondering what to do tomorrow!  might have a sick kid at home with me :(
:( tell jenny I said wutitdew.gov
http://twitpic.com/5ey3x - Fire is basically dead :(
Ah!!! My phone is being stupid. Shut off one day, all faggish the next :( I tried charging it and now the menu's stuck. Metro PCS = Fail!!!
Cake – Italian Leather Sofa rb@angiece via@DJbmac &quot;Classic Cake, I miss these guys!&quot; Me2 :( ? http://blip.fm/~6ij9u
Missing my love...... :( Oh well - have heaps of work that I've brought home - that will keep me occupied
@dnman13 I didn't feel it :( I just saw and heard stuff shake but that was it.
I couldn't sleep so I got back up to try working on that project again. Still a fail. Wait a life! :( Term ends Tuesday.
@kathyIreland not just FIRST tweet by person.. but ONLY tweet.. :(
@mattylandolfo true story! It was a really sucky queue to be stuck in :(
@deliciatan you have had the flu for ages now :-(
wants Rocky's shirt. :( =)) http://plurk.com/p/uhjb6
Still enjoying the almost nice day out.  Now it's down to +13, and calling for rain...  :(
@Wossy Im up early aswell :( sucks really
night. hope to make the most of the last days of a small school. :( high school, here I NOT come.
I can't sleep :( &amp; I have a horrible headache!
@grumpy_cow Hey! My fav is Riesling too, especially a Late Harvest Riesling. And I miss corks too. :-(
i have ketones. damnit. i hope no school, i feel sick. :(
One last final, my boys felt their first real shake :(
@TimothyH2O I'm so chill y don't u believe me :(
:( I ate too much. Now I can't sleep because I feel sick...and there are a lot of sirens.
Jury duty in the morning. Its probably going to suck :(
@Blueash22 In that case, we may as well get a... case. It would have to be a non-wheaty beer; otherwise, I would be doubly punished. : (
@cinemacities :( omg I am crushed. I guess I should probably get this Zak tattoo removed asap.. :/
@Lady0071126 u didnt send it :(
hon here i am, i  miss you too  :-(
hungry for some peanut butter m&amp;ms :(
@Joseph_Dean COME HOME! i need a friend. :(
I want to go to Africa to play with MY elephants so badly. :( In the meantime I guess I'll just watch NEMO!
Ew not very nice this morning even tho it had a promising start! :( on a side note got some new rubber on the mota in the form of Avon ZZ3's
Heading home. Food then bed. My sister leaves in a.m. :-(
Going to skool 2day BORING xx :(
Really don't want to go to work :(
@SSPU YOU GUYS ROCKED WEENIE ROAST!!! IT WAS AN HONOR MEETING YOU ALL BACKSTAGE TOO! ANY SIGNED POSTERS LEFT??? :(
I can safely add 'The Mist' to my list of movies that i never EVER need to see again.  :(
@scooterwastaken @alyssasaiddance aww us and maysea need a reunion night :(
i dont know if im making the right decision :(
Stupid mouse isnt working. :(
Aww, Terminator cancelled? :( but at least Chuck has been picked up!
on a happier note-I graduated!!with my entire family from India,Philly&amp;LA here!! BIGG party. now i should get to the the exam i have left :(
My soggy brain has caused foggy brain. :( #fb
@sarahdparker Had a terrible night's sleep - son woke up at 4am having done a pop in bed :-(
RT @MobileNatives @elmina I like your next09 video. Would you allow me to follow you on #twitter #fail :( ?
@mark_ca I don't get ondemand :( do they put it out on dvd's?
Now for happy news-I graduated!!with my entire family from India,Philly&amp;LA here!!BIGG party. now i should get to the the exam i have left :(
@PattinsonRT can't follow you?! :(
On my 2 to work....huuuh I thnk I'm gonna hav 2 quit but first I think I need 2 gt my house in order....so 2 speak :(
mhmm readingg through old comments is never good. i reallyy miss the wayy thinggs use to be. i miss dec. '08. :( &ltDOUBLE_SEMICOLON3
#lcrew still no email from jinx :(
has woken up depressed... I've opened that funny blog but no one is entering it, it makes me feel really sad :(
I really have trouble writing stuff when there's no audience for it. I'm sure that says something. Something about me :(
Why do i feel like its slowly going down. And breaking apart :(
shud i cut it short? really short? pixie short?? :(
Good morning everyone! Had an awesome dream about Danny.... What a bummer it was just a dream :-( x x x
lacross games cancelled today.  curses to you rain!  :( http://tumblr.com/x041m2o2f
omfg lost 5 followers naww guyz :(
what a shame! you can't type persian &amp; read persian tweets  with tweetdeck :( So bad cos it's a good app
Time to go to the doctors :(
Still feeling sick and homesick :(
good luck to all my friends sitting for exams :( it's soon over guys!
Not feeling at all comfortable this morning and the trip to the doctors I've been putting off for months is looking pretty likely :-(
Stuck in traffic :(
in n out, tacos from a random lonchera, and pizza all in less than 24hrs...lol...&amp;&amp; i'm starving right now!!!!! tsk tsk i'm bad! :(
Here it comes again :(
I'm going to work :(
I'm just messing around with tweetdeck settings ... and suffering major memory leak :( #fail
@emilymalan i didn't get to see you before i left :(  haha but i do love the asian glow you get after one drink i got you! hehe
And the hockey season is over :-(
Brain won't work anymore. must be time for bed. Until pug gets me up at 4 or so. :( http://ff.im/-2ZHMk
Up is only opening here in August? I wish our movie distributors would stop postponing Pixar movies for holidays. :(
omg.. the LOST finale is so sad... am i just over emotional?? i just cried!!! :(
Going to sleep. SUNBURN GO AWAY! :( Goodnight,
@madilovesmerder sorry. my msn aint working at the moment :( LOL
I want ice cream :(
Guess I'll finish reading this book. : (
Ow, ow, ouch! Horrible sinus headache right now...  waah... :(
@The_Tech_Update thanks, I'm sorry about it too :(
Just got up.. Getting a cup of tea then going to start my politics revision :( Exam on Friday :( HELP!!
@ALLIEINCREDIBLE nice guys finish last :(
Oh UNi klinick Köln how do I love thee. Must wait and wait and wait and then they tell me they have lost something. I'm 94 now serving 83 :(
@joannayoung Morning Joanna. My morning looks like it's going to be a hot day today. Didn't see much of the weekend though :(
I'm on tomeout... :-(
I am noticeably annoyed that gmail has decided to stop remembering my &quot;always show images from...&quot; settings. :(
omg so my sister just slick molested me wtf :(
Wow. My computer screen keeps flickering, and still won't let me print. Must I really consider tossing it out the window? Halp! : (
This is my last day smoking, so of course I can't sleep :-(
work work work, all week long :(
@sebby_peek I don't think I want to get it sebby, I'm really scared :(:( don't say that :( I love you so much :( xoxox
@ShropshirePixie :( theres bit of Paninni all over the floor now !! &gt;.&lt;
Hate worrying. Have done in my neck also :(
@rawrgrrrmeow yes at the hollywood bowl on july 5 :(
back from Tallinn and back to business :(
:( they cancelled Sarah Connor. At least we saw it coming
Lolsup transformer blew on powerline. No powers :(
Stress stress stress!! Argh :(
Marley and Me is soooooooo sad!!! :(
@dimdim is down :( come back soon?
i have a very unusual stabbing pain in my side which could be a ruptured cyst.. lets hope i dont need a hospital trip today :(
It feels like it's only 8, this is going to be another long night :(
feeling a bit like crap atm :(
i am annoyed because i have shit loads of songs to download but limewire etc cant seem to work w the laptop :(
@wendyrockstar Ay bay bay!! sucks I didnt get to see you last night :( miss you x
Yay for Dollhouse and Chuck!!! Very sad about Terminator :( :(
Someone somewhere didn't like Matching Wheel http://bit.ly/YoZbB  :(
My left arm is aching from fingertips to elbow. :(
@LariiTran :S for science I got like 68%. :(
RT @wenday92 got retainers for my teeth today. i now speak with a lisp :( please don't laugh at me!
Reminiscing on the past ! :(
Gettin ready for a 5 hour sleep :(  Guh'night World
really thought this cold would've gone after 14 hours sleep...but no :(
@desmondlover Had I more time, I WOULD come lick your face. Sorry things are still ick :(
@Jenreynolds25 Aww thanks Jen, it's just a cold but I get them all the time :( and was worried I'd set off a thermal scanner at the airport.
@bennycrime indeed - looking forward to using my writing hand again (left) instead of right which now clicks on the wrist every few secs :(
Pulled out four white hairs. :( ready to go mimis.
@didyna @vitsky Hope you both alright, lovelies... Kok sering bgt sih tanah disitu goyang2 :(
@richard4481 Ah that's a shame :(
Headache to slay a walrus :(
Just realised I haven't revised vectors. :(
I just realised that I've got no more $$ for petrol this month!! :( I need to make 1/4 tank last 2 weeks ...
In Alexsandra Point Medical Centre...something wrong with my friends' feet :(
for some reason my save as function in #firefox is broke... i just get a beachball :( stupid firefox
@Oliana_ o yes.... mondays.... completely not my favorite day :(
Alwasy liked vista but my 2 vista machine both BSOD on #currentcost 128 while devloping #makehistori interface :-(
Damn it. I think I'm getting sick :(
I wanna be in san antonio :(
Seems my favorite aunt  is on the way out. :(  May need to go back home soon for my mom's sake.
@cabbiepat croissant and bread rolls :( No bacon, no eggs, no sausages :( - ... http://bit.ly/H01JG - - - - - - - -... http://bit.ly/6GsKl
@Waffcakes update your twitter alreadyyy! sorry i didn't reply your text last night, my phone messed with me :(
bored in business! maths exam last lesson bad times gunna fail :(
Uppload picture? It dosent work :(
:( - alergic... nose itchy and eyes burning... Hope It's getting better soon....
@trudyp69 :(  It is raining here...
@nire_niko yeah same here. driver side doesn't come down. and AC out :(
pretty much bummed out that terminator salvation wasn't as good as the first 2 :(
@gentlebrutality yeah we have to sell them for track :(
Before settling down to start work, going to spend some time tidying up the studio/office. It's a bit of a pig sty at the moment :-(
@brandibees there is a gaslight anthem 10&quot; but i cant afford anything right now :( spent my last dollars on resin to make toys
@jennaynayy I'm glad you like it, no one else thinks it's cool :(
hmmm... looks like going out for coffee and cake was too much yesturday on top of Saturday anyway :( never mind got tea and laptop
@ErEf Yay for Chuck! :D Half boo for Sarah Connor's death :(
@prateekgupta sorry to hear abt your 15 hour days at work.. I know how shitty that feels :(
morning all! its grey and miserable and VERY windy in Birmingham ... and I suspect the heavens are about to open shortly too :(
@Cutieface44 Sorry to hear that you are not allowed to eat bacon :-( Find anything as tasty? I think I'll start a Bacon FanClub... :-)
Hates road work. Why don't they tell u sooner that your exit is blocked instead of right at your exit and the next exit is far away :(
sorry Louis but prob not going to be able to watch you tonight :(
watching &quot;half ton dad&quot;......very sad :(
Shit it's lightening  I can't leave my shelter now ( has phobia as saw holiday friend struck by lightening as a child) :(
@beimaejor : that's kool, i didnt wanna c u anywayz. :(
Busy day with my mum, she leaves for Arizona today : (
and my hand is bruised from trying to catch that jug!  lots of little swollen bits :(
Can't sleep thinking about u kno who :(
|| is so tired but can't stop studying just yet :(
sometimes i want something so bad&amp; it's so close but still i can't have it..my hands are too short to reach for it :(
@petewentz you're not coming to lowlands :(
k im starting to get annoyed with my laptop I tink its ill :( its like 5 months old :(
Off to work soon 5am to ?? :(
@Johenius p.s. did you see I chrashed Chloe yesterday!! :(
nanna, ily, but seriously if you ask me one more time if i've had enough to eat i will go run to maccas to eat there :(
@wyndwitch :( sorry to hear that. i hope you are alright xx
only likes one of his bikes.. And doesn't love any of them.. This is bad :-(
I hate when people want things from a million years agooooo :(
Wants to join te gym again. I'm the biggest gym junkie! I love it! It's my second home. Until it got to expensice :(
@wolkenmalerin someone showed it to me ;D i think its awesome. so sad :(  but it's a great documentation. everyone should watch it. &lt;33
@MRJDUB16 hey babe......just on my way to work :-(
it's nearly 2am, am i done studying yet??? :(
Great, math class now. :(
@mscott45 she's ill :(
@gutterface thats Always a really hard combo :( hope you get to sleep soon
Think I've got a post op infection, grumpy but can't help it :(
Dinner was good. Went back to hotel past town hall to see the lights, but telecom were too cheap to keep them going :(
@fallenstar_ :O You got your dvd? I'm so annoyed that I didn't preorder it. I still have AGES to wait :(
is lukin 4ward 2 her lil trail day on sat on her break at workies nd feels very ick!! : ( xx
If i call in with a support call i want support not a sales pitch, argh :(
@bigfatmaggot Awww. Too bad for you. :(
can't sleep....playing on facebook and twitter....going to be a long day tomorrow  :(
@allyheman but.. but.. but.. I'm not a big fan on camilla belle :(
Ghét nh?t là m?y cái form v?i th? t?c hành chính trong cty. Ghét nh?ng v?n ph?i làm :(
twitter fail!!! :(
Last @Melonzmag tutorial today, this is a very-very sad day :( x
7 hrs of kayaking = 7 hrs of sun = extremely uneven/painful  sunburn :-(
Falling asleep as I write out a cheat card 4 Algebra... I'm on the verge of bein done... by &quot;done&quot;... I mean halfway there :( I'm Gonna cry!
Ergh Maths examination part 1  and 1:30 what a crappy day :(
If there is a god, can he please, please, please help me find someone :(
just back from the doctor, i've got viral laryngitis :( no exam for me! the chief examiner will come back to see me in june! eek!
#Terminator #TSCC officially gone :( http://tr.im/lDwW
:( Miserable day today. Dont ask. Story might not be finished :\
just finished watching greys anatomy finale!! oh george :(
Aw man. My hands are bleeding for too much cleaning. :(
my cat stole my chair :(
@patrimal sorry Patrick, would l0ve to come! Unfortunately I can't attend  @ yr inno day today :-(
Tink!! Still Feeling ill :( but have meeting in Town so get a lie in would have preferred a whole day off
Perfect golf day and I have to leave for a wedding in 1 hour.. DAAAAAMN.. worst of all is i'm driving so no open bar for me..   :(
I know right :(
@foreverivy Yes it does :( But I simply tell him he's my close friend, he'd understand that.
I've lost my voice :-(  I guess some people will be happy about that !
@El_Padraic I didn't know you were here :-(
twittering on my iPod touch cuz my computer is not working :-(
@NatalieMiller11 love it babe. It hadn't rained in Bunno for around 50 days :( I forgot what rain looks like
Aaaaarrrgghh!!! forgot the windows 7 DVD @ work! :(
@Rebecca8888 mess! I figrd wenu sentit iws js wndrn y?? Lmao :p &amp;go away :( iv read the whole C1bk! (almost)egs &amp;all! :| startin ppqs inbit!
@stephenfry Wanted to go myself but partner working :( Hope the rain holds off!
starts his summer astronomy class Today :( but 4 days til I see the Boss at the IZOD center :&gt;)))
New passport has just come through :D Dont like the photo though, not got my glasses on to hide bags under my eyes, I look really bad :(
I think I'm gonna have a new boss. The shuffling is so on this June. Oh no. Crash :-(
@Ms_GuardedHeart I see your face on my page, fun times. How's the study going these days? I don't like the rain :-(
is up up up!! time for accounting revision :(
is getting ready for PT this morning. Definitely not feeling the workout thing this morning since I'm sick.  :(
watched angels and demons just now. was good, but somehow even w/o reading the book, i kinda guessed the ending and the villians... :(
@AmandaBranwyn I think your neighbor needs a beating!! poor dog :(
@Cherye101 What is it? I wanna watch it =[ Why aren't you appreciated? :( ily xoxo
This whole up way too early thing is not working..5:30am is no bueno..trying to get back to sleep :( at least family guy is on lol
i'm so good at spilling coffee to stuff :( after the novel, the laptop, now it's the skirt's turn :(
It's 10:30... this time next week i think i'll be queuing for or riding Dragon Khan!! But before then i must write about work. :(
2 more days for assignment submission but nth's done..i feel like shit now.. :(  i need help!!!! argh...
Wolfram goes live http://bit.ly/JKnZv - but I keep getting timeout errors :-( Sure it'll be worth the wait...eventually...
Back in school on Monday ....... :(
Resp @maheshramamani Thousands have perished already :( It will be more appropriate if US/Europe get involved to help the Tamils from now on
back in Milan... and unfortunately i discovered I don't like trains either :(
this temporary phone sucks. i want my old one back :(
@GemmaCartwright Oooh I have to agree. It's half past 5pm here now and I've been having a bad day :( I hope you have a better day than mine
My leg is going to blow now :(
@OfficialBF1943 I thought, wow awesome camera skills but a little bit short :(
@photovance tch such a pity i'm gonna miss you're trip here :(
my computer is not working at all, the sys guy is buying a new hard drive but I really don't want to reinstall everything... :(
imisspeoplethatihaventtalkedtoforarealllylongtime. iwonderhowtheyaredoing :(
@SSFansite it's being gay and won't work :(
im gonna do another twitpic... how fun :(
@__mares__ I didn't go! :-( And i just saw your tweet about the Almond Lindt... double trouble!
Sigh effects of getting my ass whooped by a hottie Brazillian instructor in Body Combat yest are showing today :(
peircings hurt :(
I miss Criselda Marin! :(
twitter has gone silent on me :(
is awake and is thinking of going to the library :(
@xNJSx Me too but he doesn't have a hope in hell to be honest :(
@CabreraNina imyy. youre grounded kasi eh. :(
@suziperry sorry, i just understand &amp; like cars more than bikes :(  good work though, and looking forward to @TheGadgetShow this eve
@bookdepository Twitter won't let me DM you the answer because you're not following me! :(
@phammond I pretty like George, who's simple, brave and kind of honest. I always like happy ending. :(
Did not sleep very well last night :(
omg @yonie196 yooooooooonnnnnniiiiieeeeeeesssssssssss oh how i miss theee :(
Last day of my holiday, back to work tomorrow. Plan for today:- do some of the stuff I wanted to get done this week. Clean behind freezer :(
spa spa spa, shop shop shop....  I want my old lifestyle back :-(
@anachan It's not even bad enough to be funny :(
Have contacted The Rev with regard to the missing advertising this weekend :-(
argh ive eaton so so much today :(
i should sleep...zzzz :(
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes! I really do hope I get a new laptop for college! I do need one :(
Helping the parents chop down a tree in the yard thats been there since we moved in.  I'm going to miss it  RIP Willow tree :(
@ShaiBrooklyn That's at BestBuy right? I keep forgetting you work there. Did you see the horrible news about TSCC? I posted it on JJB. :(
@jwatson1  Fuck! Is THAT who he is? I didn't know. :(  It's all bollocks anyway but it's double bollocks now :-)
Blahh I was woken up but an I'm why do I forget I'm signed on sometiimes?? :(
@bookdepository I cannot DM you! :(
@Rootsology poor you!  :-(  esp.  if the tummeh is rumbling... i hope she gets there soon!
Dinner Was Good :D Dont Wanna Do History Homework :(
morning everyone....got my first exam 2moz :( wow im nervous hehe!
#thingsihate - not enough computers in a row for me to sit next to my friends... :(  http://twitpic.com/5f430
@ginoboi how come i cannot find your blog gino? It like non existent when I press the link, it does not show. :(
@moosh_boint I'm so tempted to install Sims 2 again :(
@ShaelRiley It really is - I wouldn't have &quot;met&quot; half the people I follow if things were the way they are now :(
@ladyisis13 sorry to hear about the car! :(
jacob misses me too :(
@kev_xu it's fine. Hope it's useful. Some of them are really hard though :(
@willtompsett are you leaving us then? :(
@jamesbmarshall Sounds like you're having one of those painful journeys :-(
@duyndv Not good. Shouldn't cost too much to fix though. :(
@matthewfrancis I actually did today while I was in the work canteen. Zombie dog came out of nowhere. :(
@LAHornbogen I am singing &quot;I guess thats why they call it the blues&quot; :-(
@DumbLittleBunny I've never felt one :( I've always missed the ones that happen here.
Is missing his Jess greatly. :(
Okay, I got it. #3turnoffwords: Out of coffee :(
@bobbinrob your still working? Oh that sucks :(
@jshe it is what my mum calls chips (hot chips)... been trying to find someone else who uses it, but no luck so far :-(
why isnt anyone following me :(
Reading criminal law cases. Lots of them. Thoroughly. I am very bored and hate exams :(
Has to miss silversun pickups and sunshine day :( hjerlkrjk
My stomach is about to explode :(
Just got back from a very long meeting! Sakit ng ulo ko.. and init sa conference room!! :( http://plurk.com/p/uj1v5
i sprained my thumb speed texting :( :L
ugh on the bus to FH :(
@kyle270 i hope so :( i'm just so confused right now.do you want to meet up tonight just for a bit at like 4-5ish?xx
@hsabomilner it's May 2-4 and I missed it? Boo hiss. I want my cottage country. Now. :(
@tarts oh wait no, i meant the one on iheartgaming. But they're all pc anyway, so generally unhelpful for me :(
Salmon for dinner :( What happened to good food?
@theBrandiCyrus it was pretty stupid, we should all write them letters, but not nice ones!! :(
i wish i cud have chosen a different path :(
Another monday another week, busy start to the week already :-(
iphone emits no sound :-(  found some solutions on the web, we'll see in an hour wether i should really worry...
Sick :( dad thinks i've gotten the swine flu. haha
@gbfiremelon Ah well, Neverending Story is a worthy winner... Was looking forward to reading your analysis of the Arkwright books though :-(
back from the orthodentist...my teeth hurt :(
Good Morning.. well after noon. I feel all stuffy and congested :( Seeing my uncle who I haven't seen in about 10 years today...
@ChelleisWicked Wait, I suppose that means Locke actually IS dead, then? I liked Locke :(
Sad my stay in FL is over :(
I might cry :(
it's too cold in my room i don't wana come out from under my covers :( awman!
last weeks #training - 2 runs 2 swim(one open water) and turbo intervals :( - weather and building sofa ruined the long rides
@man_o_sand did indeed! Okkervil were pretty good. we were up the back, think i only know 'the stage names'.Luckies were great! but short :(
@evelet i like squirrels :(
has finished work and is sitting on the train with his sister. She leaves on Monday :(
@stickypop :D | Wish I was eating dinner whilst watching Dragons Den rather than revising for the maths exam :(
I sure hope my voice recovers in time for the 29th! My throat is fooked after Castaway Cuties on saturday :(
its six thirty AM and suddenly I'm wide awake. :(
Dammit, this vista laptop won't find any updates without erroring out :(
is off to college :(  Xx.
@pinksealight Hi, could you tell me what number to call to place a MAC order with the Pro discount.I rang one but apparently it was wrong :(
@conpie WHOO SCRUBS... Can I borrow Six season? No body has it :(
So my yard is pretty much flooded right now :( and the street in front of my house, man i glad i drive an excursion right now!
:( Methane levels rose after a 10-year lull, CO2 up 2.1 ppm to highest levels on record despite economic slump ( http://tinyurl.com/dh55fs )
@maameeo I gave up trying to clean /pack at 3am, and now must persevere and finish :(
Damn. Its monday again :(
I need to nap :(  An hour to go till I can go home .. Counting ..
@gerardway http://bit.ly/WDQTu  saying mcr r emo :( u prob already seen it ....still
is Katy coming to aust for an all ages show or is it over 18's again :(
Just got home.. (Pasig) I've going to spend the rest of my summer vacation with my coz..School days are fast approaching... :(
working hard. RSI aches :(
School :( waiting for band to start...Eh, fun fun. I love you Linzi Caie&lt;333333
Good Morning! Well, no dreams but he was still the first thing I thought of. :(
@Has_Bookpushers I'm so freaking depressed. I knew what would happen, but still. :(
When formatting goes wrong - ARGH! My Data! (pr0n ¬_¬) :(
srsly.. what is there to do? I can't go out because it's my &quot;rest&quot; day. Hmm.. looks like college work! :(
omg i don't sleep nothing yesterday and today :( i wanna sleep i'm too fucking tired :(
Clare is sleepy :( work was fun though :D
@MsPorkchop22 :( my allergies r actin up too
at work fixing some code that just had to broke on the saturday evening... man... who the fuck invented comuters in the first place??? :(
I´m frustrated, know that a-ha are in Berlin and i have to go to work :-(
I hate rain :(
@GSmoke827 ur right its a big problem :-(
hungry and not sure what to have for lunch coz i forgot to make sandwiches this am - canteen food not usually favourable :-(
Had a fabulous weekend... but now I think I have a case of the Mondays... :(
I just realized I forgot my favorite stuffed bunny!!! :( :( *is very very very sad*
I have a sore throat.  :(
Vocab Espresso - Downtime @ WeboWord. Sorry! :( http://cli.gs/7TeD20
Im so sick of bein lonely :(
@NiaBassett They say the sun shines on the righteous ! Its pouring down here :(
Back to revising :-(
@XKirstyxo it was such a good one too :( urs was better than Hannah's cause I copied it from a math book but I didn't have the book anymr XD
@phae I think I was born without hearing in my right ear—most definitely not temporary, but yes, getting bored of it :(
@moosh_boint Ew, I don't want to go :(
@the_nikster lmao sorry but I  have to get ready :( &lt;3333
work sucks today :( sleepy becca :( back tomorroooowwwwwwwwww :(
just a really really boring day :(
just a really really boring day :(
think this might not be a good revision day... :(
@DavidArchie glad to have you back in the US! (although i'm sure the Philippines misses you! :( aw) gas prices always go up, don't they?
@linseyfryatt I tried entering my brithday but it just told me what it was in about 8 diff formats :(
@heatherm92 I hate gilmore girls :(
@TheBlondeTheory  ditch in another parish. Some really sick people in this world. :(
My almost 2 year old got time out in creche today. Slapping and pushing the other kids. :-(
@DonnieWahlberg SO sad I missed out :(
Sorting out the mess created by migrating an age-old VB project to vs 2008. Finally got the app to build, setup proj still a mess. :(
Forgot to take my camera to school :(
Eh ok some small problems :(
Just popped some more medication. :( wondering how this will look once I go to work.
@LusciousBee I missed you by 6 mins! :( add my youtube so I know who you are.  http://www.youtube.com/t0keym0n
Is feeling miserable :-(
@addictedtonkotb Yeah...it wasn't nice.  @DonnieWahlberg played mean and that's not what I expected of him.  :(
Five days! Why??? :(
On the bus.Cold! :( hope mah parents feel better! &lt;3
Still going crazy overhere :-(
clearly going to hae no socila life from now on :(  xxx
@iwantcandyyy I miss them na. :(
Not to spoil for those who haven't seen it, but the final episode of Prison Break; in particular- the last five minutes was z0MG WTF!! :(
PLEASE MAKE ME HAPPY, ANYONE. I WANT TO SEE TORRES IN ACTION! :( :( :(
@gfalcone601 heyaa, have you seen that link me and @chloemcfly keep sending you? you dont seem to be replying :( its the siobhan pic! xx
GCSE in 45 minutes! I'll probably rush it and fall asleep till the end. The weather is horrible today :-(
Monday's equal hell :(
at the rate the 2nd ave subway is moving; this is gonna be one noisy summer...jackhammers all morning.. :-(
http://twitpic.com/3j7gq - My course colleagues in Seoul, Korea - 2008...I miss u guyzzzzz :(
@gabs  If you're not going then I'm not going either :(
duuude! look at the weather! im not gunna get mt buttered baguette now :(
in case you were wondering, being uninsured SUCKS. I'm not even allowed in the glorious sunshine for the day :(
What up twitter another lame week :(
has to go to class :( ....i sure wish the hubby was here.... :(
@Jessmsmell i forgot south park :(
Dentist today :( Anyone want to let me hold their cyber hand?
Boston Bruins Matt Hunwick hospitalized with a spleen injury. :( Damn, get well soon Matt. Why do the hockey God's hate the Bruins? Why?
i dont know @aplusk but... i sure need a bunch of sleep here. wishing i could stay home today and just sleep... pray for me. :(
@notcontrary Cheers. I hope I don't have to argue, they might say it's my fault for wearing them wrong or something. :(
@Gabs1468927 yeah lol, i watch it online thoughon youtube though lol cause over here season 6 hasn't even started! :(
@JanaAlyssa neither am I. I just hate thinking that I am missing out :( The day it comes will be the happiest day of my year so far :D
hmmm, it's 45 degrees out :( I'm wearing a sweater'
oh thank you all for #savechuck - yay!!!  Too bad TSCC was terminated :(
@solangeknowles im going to that! iv never seen u perform before...i dont even no where rainbow is :( where do i get tickets from!?
AC/DC rocked last night. Back to reality today.  70000 people without homes and &gt;150 dead in Italy :(
I'm feeling drained and exhausted - job hunting during the recession. I've been looking for months :(
Is about to go to school for her maths N3 module. :(
Whew! That was refreshing! Time to get on the road &amp; to the gym!  Not looking forward to being sleepy at work and taking a midterm later. :(
says exam week :( http://plurk.com/p/ujq58
@never_jen_land ahah you're still going to the meeting, what hope you haveXDand my success is not sure :( bloody hell!(I love that XD)
kid#1 is sick and staying home from school today  :-(
am wondering if i can get away with sleeping at my desk today i'm so tired :-(
@richardgumbley Unfortunately not many lollipop ladies on the 400miles of motorway I drove =p @wyatthaplo I went alone :(
@lenahameed because revision is a cruel cruel mistress :(
@shadownolan @bethaned1 I always cycled to school, but then there were cycle paths. Not many of those in Bham :(
Can anyone tell me how to get to Sesame Street?  I went over the rainbow, through the woods...now I'm lost... :(
Three hours of sleep = not enough to be friendly. TB test this morning :(
Caps dominating shots 6-2. Rags up 1-0 :( #caps #capstwackle
@epicpetwars How in the world can I beat the 2nd Avian Soul boss if it Two shots me :(
Bunnies want to stay outside on the grass - I feel mean taking them inside for the night.  Silly Brandy bunny :(
huh. sudeenly got sad :(
How come my life has suddently become rush rush rush! Grrr! No fun... Oh well, back to it I guess :(
Boo, hubby is out of town til tomm night on a business trip :( miss him already
So now not only is my laptop fecked seems pc is pretty much shagged too :(
blaaaah. back to placement. SO tired :(
@SR116 @paige_amelia12 aah he was so sweet. It made me cry haha I'm such a sook :(
noooooo pettsy.. you carnt gooooo :(
My eyes are bloodshot, not enough sleep, staring at a screen too much, flatmates frying onions every damn day without turning the fan on :(
My favourite trainers are breakin :-(
So sick of studyin! Y did i pick science y couldn't i have picked something easier :(
is at college! :(
@mooseius we are the queens of one word tweets today! My day is dragging along :-(
Back from lunch now and on reception again this afternoon, so won't be able to tweet much :(
A shocker, I slept thru the night, but no morning wood...bummer :(
@DJAceBoogie LOL yeah I know .... I work at 11am it's 8:06 hehe ! I woke up starving! :( waffle house anyone!?
@gonepie it was the second link that was broken - for your site - the twitpic was working, now it is not :(
waht up twitters..... :-(
Went to bed @3am and paying for it bc my kids get up at 6am :(
My first post is a rant :( *inhales deeply: Damn you Korea! Hurry up and unify (preferably tomorrow before I hand in my essay!) cont..
Anyone wanna come round &amp; watch Stardust with me? Im feeling lonely :(
is still sore from the sore loss to the Dragons :( Damn it! We could've had 'em!
@Kirstyy09xXin the studio for the stuff they're doing cus 'live' doesn't always mean live :(
sick at home :(
fed up. been a looonnng morning, and the afternoon isnt looking any more exciting :(
plzzzzz let me kno how I can read my direct messages plz plz plz :( send it as an @ message for me plz
pounding headache n sore tummy :(
had the cigarette, battery will die soon :( cant wait to see Erica and Nina later, its been a long time.
@LaurieleeWaul nothin on my way to my tutor. :( boo
@DonnieWahlberg thanks for driving home the fact that we missed out! We've spent all weekend disgusted and sad that we weren't there :(
@BlackBoxBelfast my running is going terrible - knee still playing up....don't think I can do the 1/2 marathon next month :-( :-(
@DonnieWahlberg I hope you didn't get to watch the Celtics game on the ship :(
found out i cant go to New Zealand this year after all, as that i the only time i can go and i am in a wedding at the same time :(
@LCBrennan Thanks.. that report on unemployment in the adv industry in Aus is SUPER helpful in confirming my fears for not getting a job :(
Got tonsillitis again. :(
As soon as you have your first Facebook friend... well I don't know :( …it might be harder to find your real friends again.
I think so making fun of @calistar1214 i ended up breathing like a fat kid :-(
@krodbro :-( Well, I'll have to come out to Chicago at some point this summer, then.
Ughhhh its monday : (
@Jenty Fark that's scarey awful!! :(
he was here but only for a moment... :(  mayhaps I will get the chance again in another life time to say &quot;I love your work, Mr. Rickman&quot;
Kinda sad I'm leaving my 2 ladies @ the house to head back to work :(
awwwwww :( #supernatural is a repeat episode! I've seen this :\
@howtown wish you luck... all mine are dead... :(
@30SECONDSTOMARS   I'm in germany right now! :( I can't come to L.A. 26th april^^...
Just passed a landfill...poor earth :(
Ugh... Monday... :(
@blackparka No he isn't. I wish he was though :(
Speaking of the con, I still have a crap ton of stuff to organize before I go. :(
No one will kill the huge spider in here :(
Still at work... But worrying like crazy about my sis... :(
@a_chung werdd. I need new rims for mine :( I bent the rear one when I was going fast then i tried to skid sideways... then ate shit. smh
Also, I got into work an hour earlier than I should have.  And no, I will not be leaving an hour early. :(
@thegoodsonisbad that is my absolute favorite drink and I don't have it here, I have to go to the US to get it :(
woah. playing #Topspin tennis on #Wii yesterday has taken its toll on my arms. it hurts :(
Driving to work - Mondays really suck. :-(
Hit my head while getting inside my car. Hurts so bad. :-(
It's raining :(
bout 2 get on dat 4 train go 2 55th Five guys. oooohhh Boy!!!! : (
@radioramona Tweet good morning. My sugar is down and I feel better. Hope I can still get those tix. Calling on 7923# answer the phone : (
Sinus pain and runny nose still there, tingly throat coming back. Downed vitamins and glass of Airborne. Need tissue travel pack. :( #tek09
@lucasftw yeah its pretty interesting, but still lacking. everything is link based and there is no replies or DM timeline. :(
@Angel_of_God  the link won't work for me : (   but I would!
@BlokesLib but you're even further away than usual.. :(
@effs i didn't see you today at all. :(
@SchillingC FFS, they're saying it's in stock but when I try &amp; buy it, out of stock. :( I swear they only reduce games 2 £5 when they're ...
@DonnieWahlberg i know we missed out :(   but glad to have u back ... and 60K !!!!  :-) love ya .. welcome back general
Aww.TY doll! No sun here either! :-( RT @smartlittlecook: @1sweetwhirl thaks for the follow from a wet and windy UK
Pissed @ my mom. She is dropping me at the front :(
you've forgotten, about.... us. ugh why? what did i do? :( please dont forget.
Haha @TheresaRockFace i totally woke up on my couch clutching a half empty bottle of heinekin...spilled some too :-(
Well this under the desk keyboard thing I bought over the weekend is exactly the wrong size for my desk. :( #Fellowes
Why no morning wood?!? :( http://yfrog.com/14z9sj
I Really Want You by James Blunt breaks my heart. :(
@missfaithlb i din't go either :( wkend just came and went. went 2 a wedding in killer heels &amp; now i need crutches. Lol. what u get up to?
fed up of the rain now :(
@Hannschwa --&gt; But my Old Account [ Boxxybabee ] was hacked &amp; the Passwort was changed. YouTube couldn't get it back :'[ Which sucked :(
is super pissed cause she missed the guy she like on Chat... : (
@savingfaith i know, its terrible! i'll explain when i get home but i am So not happy :(
Swam 1500.00 meters   in 42m. had to share a lane with obnoxious folks.  awful end to my first build :(
is going babysitting! and my neck is in pain! :(
crap. my jaw is hurting like crazy :(
flat tire :( hopefully daddy can get me back on the road soon!!
I mean 5/16/09 R.I.P. Grah I miss u so much :-(
naw Dean on Supernatural is that cute he makes me sad when he like cries :( hes a cutie lol
Should I send her the Bebo love I promised or not? Hmmmmm not like she keeps promises is it? :(
I hear Terminator SCC was canceled. With a cliffhanger! Now we'll never know where they were headed :(
wants to go to buenos aires to see her brother because she's missing him.. :(
RT:@paval:To every1 concerned -Stop tweeting about alive/dead/updates from source.??? ?????????? ?????? ??????? ??????  ??????????? ????? :(
@XxDREAMZxX Sorry....Boston's headed home :-(
@aliciamk boo!!!!! :( thanks for coming down! I had such a great time. See you in DC some time? or perhaps down here for your roadtrip.
Exciting day. Intern starts today, and I'm NOT the mentor this year! Woo!! I have a feeling I'm gonna be dragged in anyway.   :(
@Plaid_Happiness I wish I was good at something. :(
Part of my little toe's nail broke off :(
is not having a good day - my speakers have broke (music is a must while working) and a bird has pooed on my washing :(
Good morning twitter world. P.s. I miss them :(
3 days with no allergy pills down two to go, test on Wednesday. By then I will be scratching myself bloody and coughing my lungs out :-(
@Raisinlike that sounds like torture! Sorry that you have to go through that! :(
Austin has to go see his pedi this morning... poor little fella is so allergic to mosquitoes :(
@byepolar I haven't got &quot;Far&quot; yet! :(
TRAGEDY!!!! My company just made @SingleBlackMale a forbidden site!! Guess I need to subscribe by email... can you comment from email??? :-(
Just got off the meeting, will be working late today :(
@RealWorldCara woo hoo i'm stuck in traffic :(
my mouth hurttttts :( at the dentisit getting xrays
i miss my baby already :(
Got to start studying before its too late. Already feels like that :(
i'm soooo confused :(
@blooddrunk Oh how I wish I could be there... :(
http://bit.ly/1xyltz  craving this right now.. dont get it anymore here :(
There was a distinct lack of brownie in my lunch today. :(
front of other people! That would've been nasty, embarrassing, and awkward after.... Not a good combo. :(
@GroveGrapevine I love that shirt... except everyone always thinks I'm some kinda of drunk :(  #barcamp #tech #coconutgrove
On the way to lga... Don't want to leave New York :(
i knew it was too good to be true.my head feels like its gna explode again,only this time its worse :(
@kriggins thanks! not starting out so great...I'm sick as a dog! :( but, I will make the best of it
jeez don't get payed till friday. have no money. can't go see mr. cocker in resident today :(
@LexaShmexa I go to bed early and miss out on all the fun. And I'll miss any during the next 3 days too (have to go into the office) :(
I am doing classics homework while listening to les miz. I just listened to Susan Boyle, who is amazing!!!!! I have to get up at 6 tomoz :-(
Stayed home from school missin a game :( ughhh layin back down i feel blahhhh
im home sick :( :( :( threw up :( :( :( :(
Monday :-(  Buuuut only three more weeks of school!
@DaveMurr Its going well. Sorry, because you don't follow me yet, I cannot DM you. :-(
@MisssThang good morning hun!!! I'm at my desk and my comps not working :(
I'm getting ready to head home. The long weekend is nearly over :(
@xhomecutiex aw i am sorry :( that sucks. is your city sold out?
Today seems like a good day to play hooky. Too bad I can't. :(
@Jennywren93 thanks!  i need to implement Bible reading with the kids, will have to do on my own as dh doesn't think is necessary :(
@miamiamiaa why thank youu!! I am so jealous that you don't have an exam tomorrow :( !! xx
@Got_A_Minute I wish I could go.  Unfortunately, I'm probably going to miss the next few games due to prior engagements.  :(
After almost 6 months of fixing I am proud to announce that my experiment is still f*cked :-(
ehhh. home; sick. i miss study hallll and my fuurr-anns :(
@Benniboy22 nope :( .. so God knows who it was .. oh well!
@_one_fine_day_ Sonst gar keine :-(
I was grounded for 4 days from the computer! :( I wouldn't get off the TV, and I clawed at the hooman everytime she tried to get me down
@keipoth bon courage... :(
@tonygray damn those @inversemaclab we cant leave nice things in there anymore :(
Good morning friends good morning Tani is cranky today very crannnnkkkyy :( eff Mondays too!! - Good morning friend... http://bit.ly/H2Hdw
@xbllygbsn might be a bit soon, mebby once he comes back, i'll see him :$ really no sure :( :$. it is? lol ;). well... http://bit.ly/lTwT4
@LadyFrontbum I wish we had the new season of heroes here. It just stopped after season 2 :(
Got sum bad news today but pushing through it :(
Back at work :( FYI yogurt is not that great first thing in the morning!
#asot400 GREAT START!!!! ...wow ..i am sad,that my video doesn´t work :( ...but audio is great ;)
didn't get breakfast again today :( *hungryyyyyy*
I had a sausage egg biscuit from mcdonalds. I haven't done my outside patrol yet. :(
hoping abbey-louise gets better soon!!! poor wee girl broke her collar bone at the park :(
work then spinning... Is it time to go back to UD yet?!?! :(
@chrisabird Totally agree, but it has been ages since Iast went to a game :(
working again today. omg im so tired :(
@luislavena Rake-compiler seems to be conflict with Passenger http://gist.github.com/97767 :(
Cooking french toast and about to look for my coffee maker and grinder, but I don't remember which box I put it in. :(
A day of studying for me, spanish exam on thursday! Estaré nerviosa! And work tonight :( but only 3 weeks until im off for 3 months! woo!
Damn, the 24 hour vending machine at the water store ripped me off a  $1.00. Now I'm out a dollar and I have no water. Its monday :(
Tested a fix for the S60 route generator utility. A long overdue one :(
tommorow me first exame!!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
I wish my clients didn't use Microsoft products (specifically Excel).  They make life for a mainframe programmer a bit difficult.  UGH :(
Have just quarreled with mom ... :(
@Lark_vamp_ *Takes a bite* These are really good cookies! To bad you can't try them :( Maybe I can share them with Jake if he comes over!
@LesleaC wish I could but I'm slaving away for the man again : (
Had a great weekend... now its back to reality :(  I think I'm having a major case of the Mondays!!!!
the floor isnt so comfy once your sober :(
Spending much of my time trying to choose a laptop :( I like the specs and price here  http://bit.ly/tmLTt Any advice?
I wish I could stop stressing about/for my mum. This is a horrible situation for anyone to be in, let alone my wonderful  mother :(
Doing the english homework. :(
studying maths for exam on Thursday :( I hate trig graphs!
@ahasty14 Yeah, I'm going to have to DVR it because I have Bible study tonight. If I even make it that far, since I feel like death :(
Just got back in on my motorbike in time, phew! All fixed etc... Car parts, bike parts £220 now am really skint.....again. :(
i miss sleep. as usualy, 45 bajillion things to do and the lowest on the list is a nap :(
Im awake :( all i gotsta do is take zac to his car but theres soooo much traffic going into downtown right now!
Finally home! But now the homework can begin :(
I don't wanna leave.. :(
I think I ate too much chilis, stomachache..... :(
@TRACTAHPULL @ lizamtl gets ALL the attention. She's your favorite sister :(
feeling tired, and feel like im getting sick, feel like my body is about to give in :(
Back to work again :-(
@angeliotum I just got another one! :(
holds her #heartballoon &gt;~~~&lt;3 :( (@mechtroid @elliottcable @caffeinejunky)
chris is out of town for a week!!!!  :(
Physics right around the corner :(
aawww my poor Zelly Belly cat is so scared of the rain, she keeps crying and wanting to be held and its supposed to rain all day :-(
@woolarina Nope, she'll make me bring in a note (or else the leave will be unpaid) :(
http://bit.ly/OUb6q This is just cruel.. I saw it on CSI and thought it must be fictitious..  Nope it's real.. &amp; sick. Poor octopus :(
is going to miss her Chlobug today! :(
I feel like the only developer not invited to #swfoocamp :-(
Broken big toes hurt a lot....wishing I was at home on the sofa :(
Well that's Monday all done n dusted. Off to bed now in preparation for Tuesday...yay...not :-(
Feelin like shit today! :( wish I can stay sleeeeping
Typical. Rain stops and sun comes out just as I walk back into the office. I am totally drenched. And my lovely brolly is a bit broken :(
Am in bed and shud b long asleep but am wide awake! :( My kittie is also upset i locked her out...sory my sweet! Ahh..wat 2 do...
I should have checked the Shirt of the day before I left for work!  How great is this? http://shirt.woot.com/  To bad it's sold out.  :-(
stupid people broke my keyboard :(
Late for the gym (drinking coffee) had freaking odd nightmares all night. Darn earthquake... back on my strict diet today...  :-(
Work day finally finished. Another hellishly long and exhausting day (7am-11:30pm with only 2 short meal breaks). Am very fluey now... :-(
So I headed in to work early this morning, get here before remembering I ave my key to Mike on Sat...1hr is long time waiting in car :(
sitting at work waiting on the rain :(
my belly hurts :(
http://twitgoo.com/4c5c - People can be so rude sometimes, it hurrts! :(
NO temple shuttles run during the summer :(
@oohafezah I didn't join the awesomely awesome lunch :( bummer
@whatbenwhat gross. :(
13 books to read through and make notes on. 5 down... My head hurts : (
@RebekahHarriman I haven't got it working yet :(  It's all setup but tweets aren't coming through :(
@mescobe awww what a game yesterday :(! My Rockets and Celtics are out :(
Is not going to look elsewhere for gaming news on his break, even though his favourite site is down :( #tsa
@erica0921 u right, mondays suck :(
Normally i'm pretty good at not letting people get to me but this time I can't seem to shake it off... :(
@peeebeee I'd then have to watch myself epic'ly fail :(
Rode 10 miles of dirt trail in Cleveland Nat'l forest. Locked gate 1/3 mile from end :-( Horsethief Canyon
@bassguitar65 They are so cute.  Too bad hopefully by then I'll be nannying someplace and won't be able to have one :(
@Nalden What for?! Sorry can't DM you! :(
*sigh* Nothing to tweet about :(
The Sword of Truth series has its own show on WGN called Legend of the Seeker...just not the same :(
will just haavee to continuee uploading tomorrow. :(
Fail :( I need a new straightner...
Back at work.  I got a new computer, so today will probably be lost to reconfiguration.  :(
still in Florida. Had a rough day of deep sea puking yesterday :(
I has a bright red umbrella! :D They didn't have a pink one to match my ds or a purple to match my purse. :(
Finally home!!! &amp; it only took 9hrs!!!!¿?! WTF...lol ooh well, I'm UP NOW..... :-(
argh! annoyed that frigging itunes won't work :(
The sky has turned ominously grey outside the window, ALOT of rain is coming :(
Fuck u west test... But at least its over.. For today. Shit :(
@Jamie_127 Sorry about that--so much for your sandwich :(
@NKOTB lol...stays on the cruise :( Roll on 3weeks!! AND nxt yr! whooooo x
@LUCYiscool whaaat? don't put yourself down like that. :(
I should attempt sleep :(
back from th gym, boy am i knackered. Also got completely soaked.. bad times! :(  Xx
@StutteringMe Hihi, I don't either.So I just stop buying them..Sorry about your stomach though :( If you think about it, you'll def get sick
@jam_jam yeh i hope the weather goes better than it is now :( it was spitting before. and spitting is bad. well not as bad as fine rain.
My hubby don't feel good :(
Why must everyone leave me every morning? I miss the weekends! :(
The chest pains have returned :(
Just called for transfer of Persians to new home. :-(  Hate to c them go.Ignoring the cruelty to animals going on under our noses is sinful.
back in business. but the hair hasn't grown back :(
i misss shannon novioo and bekaa so much :( , this summer is going to be nothing like last summer -__-
@miro224 just saw your tweet from Saturday night, I don't get updates from Twitter on my phone :( didn't do anything Sat, was still hungover
Santino has a bad cold. :( Was having a hard time sleeping. Poor baby.
I just finished making Lola's 1st birthday invitation. :( She's going to be 1 soon!!! WOW!!!!!!! I STILL can't believe it!
Have 100 followers. W00t!           Probably all SEO spammers, though. Bah : (
@kidmanproject Shame it won't make it to iPlayer :(
waiting for the puppies to dry so we can take them to their nwe homes :(
I forgot to participate :-( RT @BrideTide: Ok...here it is...The Everything Wedding Blog Carnival! http://bit.ly/WbqYN
Practising for Geographie exam tomorrow :(
@laflour it's still up for me, but no 2010 :(
@annettefordavid Yeah...I don't want to see the look on her face if Adam loses... :( She will be crushed. I won't care as much, trust me!
My hallway smells like dr pepper, but there isn't any in sight... :(
why is this happening to me....how can i stop this... :(
Its a dirty rotten day out :(
did I dream it? I guess not :(
why is it so cold outside?! we're in May :(
back to school :(  killing justin later
lost his programme from that type of classical music concert :(
just realized that her twitters have not been updating from her phone :(
@showtime757 yep : (
Back in London, fun time in Chicago, not looking forward to work tomorrow :(
Hooray, more tests. :-( Now I'm going to have dye injected into my wrist.
@laurannet Hello Ms Plurker!! Yes I am! But I couldn't resist the wedding :( will power will power.
facebook feed Shirley Gilbert Back from Wembley and gutted :( But on the plus side I did see Dermot.. http://tinyurl.com/c9ppjj
juss got off the train feet killin me :( &amp;the bus is no where 2 be found so gotta walk
going to the after party this evening to meet and greet.  dont know anyone though :( who else is there? #smx
i hope you guys didnt have a cab sing a long without me :(
&quot;I think [I'm] headed for a big fall I think [I'm] headed for a bad time&quot; 23rd-day in a row of work. :(
@PeterBestel i have the dm whacker but it aint working! :(
Mal wieder ein Todestag: R.I.P. Ian Curtis. :( Love will tear us apart: http://trimr.de/cY She lost control: http://trimr.de/cZ #youtube
@bonnievanak I have a very sick puppy too. Two actually. One old, one inflammatory disease. Take turns not being able to walk. :( Hugs!
@iGrace I commented at the N82 post, but, it got lost middleway :(
@sleepyinsomniac Me too. Did you see my earlier tweet about Cook's baseball cap? :(
Ooh. This hurts. :-(
@neil_mccormick eurovision is more rather &quot;euroblivion&quot; and thank God for that, imagine those silly tunes stayed  &quot;in your mind&quot; arrrghhh :(
I'm back from school! Missing you guys like crazzzzy! How come YOU didn't talk to me until the end of school! I supposedly LOVE YOU! :(
@irep_504_gucci awww u tired? im bored as hell at work :(
@leonnea It was FANFREAKINGTASTIC!!! Got amazing pix and videos on my FB page - have to edit food pix tho :(
i can't believe its a very sad ending to prison break.. i cried n still feel so sad.. sighs :( excellent season all along..
Ack...they got me comin in at 10:30 again the next Saturday I work :-( oh woe is me
Ugh I feel gross :(
IS READY TO GO HOOOOME! I kinda want to go shopping today, or maybe to eufaula. JUST anywhere but freakin school maaaaan. :(
have to prepare my presentation for school... I hate those things that takes too much time :(
jst gt bk frm my exam. Glad it's ova!2 dwn 15 more 2 go :( once out of skwl da 1st fing i saw: 2 yr 7s frm anotha skwl fightin isnt dat nice
@Gracecleere that toy house was awesome. Gutted Jes didn't get the photo of us both in the window!! :(
Soul food late at night doesn't equal a happy morning : (
Shut your face darren! :( yes I did
@twibes What's up with the website?   It's not working  :(   Won't load at all.
It's cold so naturally the A/C is pumping at full blast :(
got an intense ear infection, ears have been bleeding all night could be perminant if i dont let them cure properly :(
Sorry choco i forgot :( love you?
&quot;Is gon' rainn!!!!!!!!!!!&quot; ALL WEEK! wtf! :(
@AuntieAnnes yeah the closest store is 1.5 hrs away in Va Beach :( - you should get a store on Eastern Shore, Virginia!
@djsence I wish I knew how to golf :(
@kevinmasch oh no sorry to hear that :(
I have finally settled on using multiple installs of WP instead of WPMU. Only way to have the functionality I need. Boo :(
i gotta figure out what i need. but we know that we gotta go. say goodbye. :(
Not anymore :( how does Daisy manage to take up 75% of the bed?
So i have no pockets :( so im going to leave my phone in my locker. Lame.
OMG so unmotivated today...just wanna go back to beddddd.... :(
Wish I wasn't stuck in the shop so I can enjoy this pretty day! :(
i don't see &quot;starting a fire&quot; on my list of things to do yesterday. but it happened anyway :-(  thankfully no major damage.
I've homework :( tuition's. Vectors, aku nda pandai. Bawa ke school besok and will ask for help from sir *sigh.
@Djalfy naw not from my phone :(
@chalenejohnson I'm sorry :( I will miss your updates! At least we have twitter!
Not happy... I'm sick :(  Not sure if it's a cold or my hayfever kickin in early.  Hope it's a cold though, hayfever lasts for months!!!
@havok452 Why not Chicago? :-(
Is it time for another day? :(
@Broyhill_Inn Family today, Business Event tomorrow!  When we get back, it's going to snow!  :(
@chibialfa waaah, udah jalan pulang Fa. Mandy masuk angin :(
away to work :(
@SuperWiki It's in the sheriff's office - 4x06 Yellow Fever. http://bit.ly/10M6yH Can't get a clean shot of it :(
all alone at VIBE...missing my intern buddies... :(
Just had a horrible day at school and is annoyed, sad and wet :(  I need something to make me happy :(
witnessed not one but two car accients today :-(
10.5.7 update made interesting change: I used to delete items in iTunes with Delete-Return-M. Now I need 2 hands to hit Delete-Return-D. :-(
Miley isn't feeling well :(
@hawkito of the three I'm playing with, tweetie so far has been the worst. :-(
just saw a housing app for someone born in 1992... yes, they are in college now.... we may all commence with feeling old now. :-(
im so so angry and sad at the same time, I FAILD! :(
@victee no :( before and after was just radio2 staff but i loved the whole of that show - i laughed my socks off throughout the 3 hours!
@burntbroccoli i feel like someones kicked my ribs and shins. :-( They haven't though...unless...!? :-/
I'm so tired all the time :(
At work still feeling like I'm being punched in the stomach... :(
Went after the Real Radio Renegade in Wigan this morning... But i didn't find him... :-(
I have heartburn like whoa. :(  Not that it would help... but I wish I had a redbull.
has dust allergies. this sucks BIG TIME! :(
Back in Exeter after a ridiculous journey. Exam on wednes :(
Honey I'm home! Oooh crap!!!! It's back to reality! I hate vacations!!! :(
@KimmiMcFly aw that sucks :( im on a contract so it's all good :D cant decide what mcfly song to have as my ringtone lol xx
@hannah894 :( but i'm sitting right next to you.
@ work stressin about our colleague that just had a heart attack and is in the hospital right now :(
@seansmithsucks that wasn't me, sorry! :(
@musicheartnsoul awww, hope you feel better :(
i dont feel like cooking but my tummy is growling cry :(
Omg my sister went into labour at 27weeks be strong little locklan :( everything will be ok we all love u
@JenWojcik the media seems to think the worst is behind us, so they imply. I think we haven't seen the worst of it yet. :(
I just watched the Lakers but they lost :(
It was a great American Idol Finale...Pity Adam didn't win though :(
Awsome night too bad it had to end :(
@DillTurnips: who is pissin you off dude? :(
i have a headache :( and i have youth 2nite, ohh nooo i dont want to be down in the dumps 4 youth =[
@itschantalelise it's very sad to watch other people do what you love :(
y did i do this to myself? crushed numb stupid and hurt is not even close to how i feel F!@# you! :(
@ldygabilan I deal with that every other morning thanks to Ranza. I'm sorry. :(
Dicky tum and no sleep do not a happy Tony make :( At least I get to end my day with a housecall further from home than when I started LOL.
just woke up from the worst dream ever!!!!! :(
morning all.bleh, school today :(
@tarheelguice no idea :( Fox is really horrible about letting you watch these things online.  Maybe check surfthechannel.com later
isPlayer Has Died! Sorry :(
My compassion to the people in italy! My mother is calling with our relatives in Italy right now  :(
is bored cleaned all day :(
Ok, sleep time. I've been falling on my face exhausted all day. Why am I still awake at 2:45? :(
@KeshiaChante at least u didnt get bit by a fuckin dog :(
my last day at college oh noooo emotional day :(
Okaaay. Now I'm on my way to the movies. I'm so tired. My stomach is empty :(
listening to : TOTAL ECLIPSE OF THE HEART... missing the IVC ladies of 07-08... :(
Gallery Furniture burned tonight! :(
@WenrichCaps i miss you too :(  Maybe i can see you guys tonight, if it's not too late..
@basketkace I want a bbq! :-( Tomorrow is my niece's first birthday!
Lost two mu-shirts plus infield sticker in the lobby of the jurys inn. Somebody just took them. Great way to start the day :-(
morning ladies, time to get up and pack the rest of my shizzle for Brighton this weekend. I want to go see the ladyboys again! :(
gahh. i hate you calculus. why am i not getting the answer ?  :(
@THEREALDJCLUE Great His page is LOCKED ! :( thank u anyway
@dylankelly I still don't understand how they work! haha, we're probably doing it wrong :( what time 2mrw for gym? i'll be there at 6!
@AshleyCandyLand you´re such a beautiful girl....in austria you can´t find beauties as you :-( love your brazilian touch...
@meldrum83 you ate a dodgy chicken sandwich from aldi eh? yeuck :(
@saralwin haha i know...it's really scary :( lol my friend read marley and me, and i asked wot happened. bad idea haha
@gfdking can't find you on ustream iPhone app :(
I think I pissed off JTF :(
not liking ga weather! :(
my work week begins here :(
@raracandyfloss hoi i nk away plk :( nk msk wkakakkakakaka benci btol td x de line skrg nk kene msk susah tau haih
So pain is 80% gone but replaced w/ a fever.... FAIL :(
@ketene :( :( *glomps you*
restless . . . so tired :(
wow anotha sleepless night!.....help :-( lol
Didn't get mutantized...   :(
No one has brought us a Mixtape yet. :(
@poppygallico Oh, that's terrible - I'm sorry! :( ?
...still disappointed that Adam didn't win. :(  His rendition of &quot;Mad World&quot; is so haunting.  I just listened on uTube...love it!
@ABeautifulMind1 I offered him a massage on his injured shoulder...(I am professionally  trained) but he hasnt taken me up :( Thanks for #ff
@anti_is_faggot Huhuhu imy :(
@jemmen I guess we need to make our own tone like noise. :-(
@asouthernthing I don't know if you saw my tweet about it, but Wed. was supposedly Tennant's last day of filming as The Doctor :(
lol too bad i'm poor. i'm staying up all night :(
3am...just had a bad dream, and now I can't sleep. :(
@lemmings_ Oh, I deciphered the typo. You're at home? K.Rudd fail. :(
@theroser rub it in jason rub it in :(
@xpennyxlanex not until July sadly. he is off to Canada in June so couldnt really see him then :(
wishing I could say goodnight :(
There was a party I was supposed to go to this afternoon. I wish I wouldn't have ruined my day by not sleeping last night. :(
Suppose, I better get up now! :(
really needs to clean her room.....argh so much to do this weekend, NO sleeping in and relaxing for me :(
@cean888 argggh! i guess it really cant be controlled. but i guess, @applei can detect the cracked app users. :-(
is in the airport in Philly annoyed...my flight is delayed :-(
My french exam starts in 40 minutes. Gotta leave now. :( Not very confident with this one, hope it goes okay. &lt;3
@saint_l0uis @saint_l0uis ...looks like im fucked a lot of classes are already closed :-(
Firefox, Chrome and IE are really being cranky on my laptop today...Donno why :(
@chneux LOL I know its hard to believe that I may be difficult rarely... but hey I can be :( lol
@angadsinghgill  - Some of them make you cry dont they!? :(
AWTS.. HATE BREAK-UP HISTORY.. :(
@krystalllllll you spit gum on me :(
:( @AmericanWomannn Well that sure minimizes the impact...LOL
@lisalent  pic didn't op[en twitpic or something must be playing up,slow twitter reactions at present :( will look later
Woke up at 8 ... That does not count as a long lie :( may go back to sleep but it's so nice outside
oh dear. Ive just pulled up to college and noone is in :( x
meeting time :(
Wish i had the day off today as well :( i'm just in the grumpiest mood these days.. *sigh*
Y do ppl go round opening fences and letting dogs out just cuz theres barking in the area? :(
Ugh, got the cold :(
went shopping got new dress for engagement party. and new booky wook - not russel brands though :(
My god i feel rubbish this morn :-(
home from vegas :( work all day
@mjfh81 this place makes me feel Ill :-(
@leporter Listened to @leolaporte Missed part where Leo talks @twitter Oh well :(
what do you do if you develop a temporary lisp? ANNE AH MISH YOU X but seriously twice@ the temp lisp :(
hungry :/ .... why does the kitchen have to be so far away :(
@jdt367 Yeah, but she's not in the latest film :-(
Trying to find the REAL Alan Carr :(
doing some business studies revision :(
@Laleh84 @MoniqueMay I miss you girls! Long time no see :( wish I was there. Xoxo
@contactnaveen @sudarmuthu @Karthik I don't have it with me. :( my friend had it. check the pic here -  http://bit.ly/ngeXM
All you do is look at what other people write you can't communcate with nobody! :(
@106jackfm bank holiday Monday will consist of working for me :-(
IT'S ALL FUN AND GAMES UNTIL MY NEIGHBOR DECIDES TO TURN OFF HIS ROUTER AT MIDNIGHT :(
Keep losing followers :( Maybe I should make by Tweets more interesting... Not sure how though! Haha!
I can't sleep!!!!! Ugh!!!! :(
On way to PDX! But at HNL way too early. There's a Lahaina Chkn - Chef Chai's fave I hear. Wish I got that instead of BK veggie burger :(
I should stop talking so much at work!! :( i'm worried that this will go into my assessment.
#shaundiviney#bradiewebb... ...dang it.1st sydney show ss sold out..my driver didnt get ticket :( ..&lt;3 angel *swoooooooon* &lt;3 him x10000000
is at school for the last full day ever!! :( x
@tommytkup and im just listening to them on cd :(
@kaylacollins im not there :(
don't want to go to my countryside house for the week-end :(
horrible weather again :-(
Had fun working out with the wifey tonight. I missed Mia though :(
my life is in shambles :-( *tears*
I wondered what happened to Busta Rhymes. Now I see him on Jimmy Kimmel. Last I saw him was in Halloween. He's lost the dreads though :(
So, instead of running, I just spent copious amounts of time buried in the code of my website. Epic Nerd Fail. :( I suck.
@Amalari oh, very really. it's awful. I was most allergic to Corny, actually. I'd get a rash if I pet her too much. So, I didn't at all. :-(
@addersop :( can you not point out how small minded an opponion that is to them?
just got up and thinking about the housework i have to do :(
I didn't get McD's breakfast because I didn't answer my phone :(
hi @Clover_Channing ! huff idk y all my friends love that lambert so much. they hate me :( lol
Aww. :(  Not me?
:( I got so scared tonight. Love you @kristengraham
@joolzgirl oh no! :(  I'm still working too,  playing catch up. I had tonnes of errands to run during the day so was away from the desk.
I don't want to go to work! :(
Getting ready for work! :-(
I HATE MYSELF FOR SPAMMING :( #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb #bradiewebb
Everything's good except I've got a stuffy nose. :-( Anyway, it's Friday...Have fun at HOME~~:-)
@nathansteinmetz :( &lt;3 you
That was unnecessary, learn when to stop? Ouch. :(
doesnt have much to look forward to at the moment. :(
@WhiskeyOnSunday :( That's unfortunate. Is the time zone bit in the first part or the second? Because that's hilarious.
@milagro88 Hi Mila! Yeah, TGIF! My kids are coming today, so I'm looking forward to the weekend :-(
@Widgetty yep shame but thats the quick answer and thats what they want :-(
Microwaves are really fucking confusing :(
...flooded in at work. :( not cool.
http://bit.ly/ZlGf1 - BBC head calls for iPlayer charges :-(
@rebecca_1990 i think you're gone when my parents are too. No sleep over :(
OMG! :O Just watched the last Episode of Bones! :O Holy shit. :(
@SparkPeople That's a shame :( Couldn't you offer the picker and a box for the code? Then we could populate one to get the other...
im in such a habit of working around my piercing. its so weird to realise I don't need to worry about knocking it. bah, I want it back! :(
drinking too much coffee.. I feel sick :(
Now I feel hopeless and desperate and lonely :(
...checked 'Help' section on 'Controls' and found out, no Charge-Up Spin Dash on this game...that makes me sad... :(
@ibbypop sinus infection eww yuck that an't right! i hope i haven't got what you have :| because my sinuses are all blocked up :(
@Fuzzie_74 It's the finger - it looks loaded! And I'm not a media junkie so don't know this Cooper chappie :(
What on earth is wrong with the connection? :( I just realized today isn't my day at all. :'(
bleh. Worked my ass off today on that video, but it's still not done! I have some major trials ahead with it too :( but I did something neat
@jmiglioratti what's up miss jen? :( feeling better today? miss you
Today really sucked.Not a slight better than yesterday :(
@rjpebs indeed.. we have 1 isolated case na here! :(
Up rocking my 7 month old who's not feeling to good right now :(
Finally caved. I've made a doctor's appointment for this afternoon to see if I really have strep throat. :(
@garethemery Gareth, all of are tuned, it but they are not broadcasting main stage, which kinda sucks, so we wont get to listen to u :(
Feels sick with exhaustion... sorry.. had to have my whinge :(
Only started using SlimTimer again yesterday and todays its down :(
@ttaasshhaa aw has foxtel WITHOUT the disney channel :( @kthxx 'Oh well shit happens' Lmao. That made me laugh out loud.
Bens coming todayy :D i cant wait to see him, but whyyyyyyyy am i up this early :( i tend to be waking up alot earlier than normal... hmm &lt;3
it feels like im loosing my best ftiend :(
Rubbish, I'm not off today like the rest of the world seems to be :( It's gonna be a long day!!
I just sticky-tape-murdered an unknown insect :(
Dammit Detroit!!  LEt's get it together!!  :(  love you guys still!!  xoxox
hates all the fuss about ......... It makes me feel very empty :-(
@ttvh Tim But on Twitterfon you cannot be able to go directly to a user :(
getting ready for the big day. 7/06/09 my first spring triatlon. loosing weight a marchas forzadas, hurt my abductor yesterday... :-(
I've now gone from being slightly concerned to being very very concerned.  This is not a good development :(
Absolutely no concentration today :(
@brykins I feel like the only one in the world thats not having next week off :-(  Rubbish!!
Spending too much time browsing the net when I should be checking a map!  And Happy Birthday mum - sorry you got your pressie early :( . . .
being sick doesn't help my already tight dissertation-writing schedule at all :( #fb
@TriciaRuiiiz The LAX Club! =)))) Don't say that, baka layuan ako :(  =)))
@lise17 They're all pretty haha. Aww :( It's interesting. Just watch until the results...
Have broken my mobile. Dropped on floor. Now in 2 pieces but despite trying my body's electricity will not connect screen to keypad :( ;( ;(
@JamesMW78 I can't find my cat :(
Bout to tune in to @colinkelly for the last time till Tuesday! :( Will have major Face-Off withdrawl by then! lol
heart breaking :(
@HellenBach oh hells, that cheered me up no end, thanx so much.  Have a cold starting, 2 weeks before exams &amp; stepson has moved in :(
lieing in bed soooo tired gt an exam soon :(
@Carbars1965 :(
Jean Michel Jarre concert tomorrow :D gotta work 7-3 before though :(
until now, i haven't watch yet the finale of AI. I've been waiting for the replays of it but i always missed it! damn. :(
I hope laura talks to me when I see her :(
@megan_kruger think I may be slowly catching a cold! :(
Installed Boot Camp drivers for Apple Keyboard as I'm planning to buy one tomorrow...pity the control panel doesn't work :(
is having another crap friday nite at home :(
@mattHoneywill urgh :(
Have the urge to make a batch of homebrew. Alas, my kit is locked away, alone, in the dark in a Queensland storage facility. :(
im suddenly very worried about 'new moon', i love the books so i really hope they do it justice. 'obi wan' that does worry me :(
wishing i could be in california... :(
@LynneAllbutt Bugger, I've missed it again!!! :(
is feeling shitty...i need some tlc :(
i can text on my phone but thats it, no myspace, no twitter, no emails etc. shitt suckssss :( :( :( :( F you Tmobile!
Morning! did you know that the guy who did the voice of mickey mouse has died ? :( xx
@GuySebastian Oh Guy :((( Im crossing all fingers that you will get it back :(
had an extremely fabulous time at the Westbury last night!  Will be heading to the airport shortly.  Bye to all my London mates. :-(
@aianna21 And booo, I want twin tiiiiime. It's the last chance we'll have for a proper chat until Wednesday :(
missing someone... :(
I think someone is mad at me ...... :(
im getting fatter..i can feel my butt wiggling everytime i walk :-(
i cannot believe i am working today. Your own business does not necessarily mean a lot of free time :(
hates government run offices! Effffing licensing shit :(
home safe n sound... time to do homework! ughhh :( I'm starving someone bring me sum yummy after the club food
:-( no time for castles just a quick walk along the rhine then back to drop off the hire car
HUNGRY! Can't get food though cuz Matt took the door key and locked the door :(
@MissMary you really didnt get the sarcastic response to when people say they are deaf :(
neither my Waterman or Parker Frontier fountain pen is working well in moleskine sketchbook. :(
Is hugely annoyed a a stupid direct debit taking me overdrawn - multiple bank charges on the horizon.... :(
@doneganland I think I didnt win the tickets :( so this means I owe you two tickets?
shit never really responded to the half 8 alarm :(
motorcycle accident. oh god my foot! :(
@preussenfied: Well, masih ada exam dari sekolah :(
@omfgzzitsben awww poor you :( xxx were tryin to watch twiligth in maths but computers feckin up xxxx
Bought a netbook yesterday - so I can work whilst I'm out. The battery won't charge :(  back to Currys we go.
@ChownTown no one exciting :( i hate this.
Very sad at the moment :(
forget open the TV to watch EYESHIELD 21 :( http://plurk.com/p/vfu45
home alone, bored, cold :(
is there REALLY no solution for getting Roboform to work with Chrome? :(
Whyyyy did I just watch Dagon.  :(
@HeathCastor I dunno? I never been to a club. No joke. I know. Tragic. I'm strange. I've done the night life style. :(
I need some selsun blue...pretty sure i have a small spot of haole rot :(
@Skip1967  Posted it on the other place......also Daz is missing you and crying himself to sleep because of your absence  :(
not feeling good. :(
isPlayer Has Died! Sorry :(
Must be a European thing. I want bank holiday too! :( dammit.
Tirrred. Watching Chris Crocker videos. Just made some rocky rooaad, I wanna eat it but the chocolate hasn't set :(
@cocofresh LADY!! I came by tonic and you no there yet :( then i went to my next destination and didnt make it back in time! boooo!!
off to buy a new ergonomic keyboard after pouring a glass of water in my old ms natural 4000 http://is.gd/FEq :(  best coder-keyboard EVAR!
is depressed cuz corr cant com 2 the mall with her. :(
I think im coming down with something. :(
when will the rain stops? i'm hungry :(
@Mamy_B Hope you keep popping back to Leeds once ur in Uddersfield. Or bring us up there! I miss my birthplace :(
i dont want it to end :( !!
@JadeCC that is a terrible, terrible loss. poor kit kat :(
i cut my ankle when i was shaving! :(
one hour late-bad plumbers :( http://tinyurl.com/pnptq8
@RealLadyGaga hey again its me, you might cry when you get this present but i need to kno how you will get it on the day, pleassse reply :(
Noo please not today, any day but today :(
Just saw Terminater, not that good. :(
Saw Monsters vs Aliens last night! Was good, made me lauf BUT did not meet xpectations :( &quot;Get the best brains! Call INDIYA!&quot; - MVA
poop. think i still too ill to go to that there london for meal/piss up tonight. probably last chance for a night away for a year. arses :(
any more work and i'm going to explode. 21:50 on a Friday night, wine in hand and still working :(
i still have to wait until next 4 months. :( arg!
Exam time!! :(
I missed out on gallows last night :/ Mum didnt let me go.. and I would have missed the supports too, but I dont care about them. Gallows :(
:( my water heater has exsploded!!
stomach hurts :( no sleep for me :(
I fear man flu is approaching :(
off to nenek's house :( bye. Mommmy is a baddy :(
goodbye cruel world :( *tear*
@chelseachua WALAO EH, THE SILLY YOUTUBE GO REMOVE EP 30 ONWARDS OF WGM. :( now i gotta download the full ep from veoh and edit it on my own
sicky :( and my mummas birthday :(
i'm very bored right now :(
slowly realising that most #jquery #lightboxes are actually pretty rubbish :-(
Why is my dad being a pain in neck today? Can someone please take me to a happy place? :(
I'm talking to my friends on Msn. We are al together in one conversation. It's really funny. But some of them have to go in a few minutes :(
Nine tracks in: Just a bit bored now. :(
another sleepless night....ughhhhh..... :(
I can only twitter once a day for thirty minutes :-( srry guys
wishing I was out having fun with @eeks_ :(
I so wish I didn't have to be up right now. So sweepy :(
#FollowFriday @FatWrok @mattyriley      -i'll ff anyone back if you ff me, but i can't think of anyone atm. :(
mimunm of 3 years for him ... and life for the lodger !! .... the bastards should have all got life and thrown away the key ! Poor baby P :(
@davidgilray awww  - blip does that from time to time. :(
Cannot #sleep at all :(
I failed at sleeping through the night again I'm freaking out at my lack of sleep lately it's not good :(
Woke up but i can't find the shirt i wanted to wear today :( =^-^= mow
@Fluffykinz i cant im going camping :( but today after school my mom is going to drop me at ur house for a couple hours.
@Shaun_R It's been setup to work with a mac management server and won't let me UN-manage it :-(
@vala_mal_doran *hugs* I'm sorry you've been having them so often. :(
@LeighQuantrill  Peppermint's good for wind. Not sure about the clouds :-(
@SharoNiley I love you, I'll miss you until monday :(
GOD, it needs to be the weekend already, I need sleep and to get AWAY from these people! Very much away, in one case,but that's his doing :(
http://twitpic.com/5omhx - this is: an EMPTY blue print :(
RE sucks :( Gotta do a presantation bout Fulda
omggggg i fell asleep while on the phone last night, i feel so fucking bad :(
Yes, made the flight in the nick of time ...only to be told there's delays :( thanks B.A.
IT'S FRIDAY!!!! WOOHOO!!!! After a beautiful week, rain chances will be increasing this weekend :-(
Damn you Hill Giant in a chest! Lost a bunch of progress in Final Fantasy 2. :(
@GeorgiaPeach777 yep. :(  what do you mean? btw..i asked him to write back 3 fkn words and he just read it. &gt;_&lt;
really needs muffins and donuts :(
@xoBetseyJohnson The Lobster ring is FAB! Wish you stocked in the UK :(
On the way to camp at last. Think I might have offended someone at the meeting earlier, and it bugs me. :(
David's guesting is too fast.. :( But thank you video! lol http://www.megavideo.com/?v=3FUU3FYY
@sciencebase and yet there is still no version for mac... :(
The year 11's hav left now! :(
@GatwickSolo i don't like single shifts, least a single day is better than a single night, i've had three in the last month! :-(
sorry ellen i missed you on qvc i should have dvr'd it sorry :(
@igrabjelly Me too. :3 But the person who made my coffee this time, isn't the same as the last when I got it (which was awesome). :(
I've gone through all my fashion mags even old ones, I'm a little bored :(
and there goes the rain :-(
ugh, woke up with the worst stomache pains :(
woo back to uni 2morro! ahh exams :(
@dirkjohnson Heh. My most exciting assignment, currently, is a twenty minute presentation about monism in Hinduism. The rest are tests. :(
Very grey blanket across the sky :(  will there be blue anytime today? God willing
@nathstokes Yeah, but have you seen the option blocks, no Law, no Psychology :(
Has just woken up to electric dreams blasting out of the radio tuneeee!! Very fragile today :(
@rowsell missed the news :-( am in Omapere with friends from KK!
@jinxywinx Who's a hypocrite though? :(
@fevasenseless HOW U NAH FOLLOW ME :(
@HerrWulf thats half the problem, But ive been working since 6 :( i prob wont get to stop til Gone 6 my lift home has pissed off so Dire! :(
@letoyaluckett -- Toya! Why'd the album get pushed back? I'm cannot wait any much longer! :(
@RedGray Ah man- so sad, his cousin committed suicide yest and she was 8 months pregnant  - can you imagine... we been crying non stop... :(
I still prefer the twitterfox plugin to the twhirl or the tweetdeck :( it's simpler, easier. Thumbs down: no url shortening yet
About to go into bw :(
The guys are back - gone is the quiet.  :(
I have huge, super itchy bug bites all over my arms and legs :( help.
Of course this is the one morning that I didn't charge my phone first thing. Just got the 20% warning &amp; charger still behind police lines :(
awee it's my last day everr in a uniformm :(
@MsSpark Like 30e from Apple. I went to the Nike factory and they were like &quot;Nike+ who?&quot; so yeah, I think you can only get them online. :(
I have the hump today :-(
My heartrate feels uncomfortably high :( maybe it's tachycardia (heart works too fast 4 ur body) ...miley Cyrus has that :|
never felt pain like this.. legs are so sore :(
@Haileyyyyyy not much :( Im bored. Thinkin bout gettin ma hair did tomora and lookin at new cars :D
In the office, and once again, the download failed :-(
@kikirodu I can not wait to start running again.  That was my sanctuary.  but it started to induce braxton hicks contractions :(
just now falling asleep. been throwing up, awesome... nawt. :(
paper cut, i really hate it :(
im still disapointed about my maths results. :(
woke up late cos i thought today was saturday :(
i need someone to teach me how to drive. dad's always busy :(
Sad that this group of interns are leaving :( Going for a goodbye Thai in a minute! And drinks with the office tonight..
I soooo don't wanna get up :( but I get to see my BF Dr. G this morning so that's ohhhhhkkkaayy
in the library, laptops still broken :( the techguys collected it early yesterday morning! i didnt know there was another 8 o clock!
@simplyu Hey! Sorry just got your tweet. :( Have fun!
@rk295 Fucking hell mate, that properly sucks :(
@usagijen pede na nga pang sales rep. hahah. ok yan ah. now if only we had a fullybooked store around here :(
going to my uncles house in a few hours.. studying :(
@Robo_Momo aw i so missed mos def tonite :(
@LungiZuma the direct message you sent me about your car yesterday just came through now.. :(
@stevenleedawson awww :( poor wee you .. :( just think of the amazing paula brown and you will be hap hap happy :D
has cancelled the removal men :-(
In Atlanta waiting for my flight to Montreal.  :(
Ugh. Another snotty day. :(
@mooncici mmm......i wish i could say yummmm.....BUT...i dont like fruit at all :(
Wheres's placebo?? what happened to them? i love those guys :(
@hgandhi It's actually so so - But the weathers making a hell of a difference. Too much to do :(
ughhh. civilization trial. reading day. senior vespers. exams. hasnt booked a flight.... :(
still a headache at 3:30 :(
14 hours until i see Adam again. Haven't seen him all week :(
@shaundiviney you lost against a new song on the hot30. :(
Can't be bothered writing any more. Should probably go get ready for work :( I hate Friday late shifts
#asot4 anyone got video?:S i ain't got :(
@SteveHealy the spa experience was my birthday pressie but the trip to dublin was wedding stuff! Just wedding things planned for the w/e! :(
@Jinxie_G oh...hmmm...sorry to hear that :(
@dysconnection Caley Roadside - http://snipurl.com/ijqp4 just bouldering problems but great ones! Haven't climbed for a while though :(
kingston tonight!  i want wendy's :(
@Bob_XD I have major project .. I don't think I'll go anywhere today :(
In the library, bored. Wish peeps would stop making so much noise. I don't need to know about your housemate's hygiene issues :(
I was a Subway (sandwich) virgin until today. Should have kept my cherry :-(
@ginoandfran no sound. :(
I broke my caaaar :-(
my food is taking so looong :( - http://tweet.sg
someone talk, Bex has passed out, scotts downstairs and my sisters hungover. and the remanders of peple just left... :(
am really tired of doing stuff by myself! :(
Class :( grre I hate testing time
@BrittGoosie aww -huggles- well some people are just shit heads :( fuck 'em!
my shitty dish rack collapsed under too many plates. i will avenge thee, shitty dish rack :(
Has 3 jarred fingers! very sore :(
&quot;Seperate multiple email addresses with commas,&quot; says the web form, then rejects my multiple addresses because the field contains a comma :(
@samblak :( at least you have the weekend to recover. Feel better
goin on the road today so no more twitter! :( hit me on the cell if u hav it, n if u love me! lol &lt;3
On my way to school :(
@MarcoPoe lmao I would cry :-(
For some bizarre reason I attempting to switch from emacs to vim today. I miss electric tab stops already :(
With @paggeeey BTW. Damn, I got a tan. I hate tans. :(
@CDButler I drank too much to run this morning. :(
@doodles15 I saw Angels and Demons and honestly, it was pretty bad. I love Da Vince Code, but this just sucked... Avoid it :(
@mfubib i hang my head in shame.  i was right clicking everything, dragging it out the window, never thought about edit&gt;delete or del key :(
@robgrace let me know by text if you find out about the job - I'm leaving in about 20 mins :( x
Still completely nervous. :(
@MystaKool I want to sleep too :(
I nearly spoiled myself for House, did just a teeny bit, saw a name, but then it went away via link.  I won't be terribly surprised now.  :(
school.home.clean.practice.home. i misssssss him :(
Has to go to work soon.. :( I don't wanna be you-know-where today too.. :O Längtar som fan tills söndag!!! SM-GULD!!!! &lt;3
And they're toffees so my teeth aren't happy.  W8n 4 thm 2 pull a filling out :(
She's probably gunna get excluded! :(
@deabush ...I have 7:36 - but sorry - that's am not pm :(
gotta go now :( still have sooo much on my to do list .. :( C U later twitters ... xoxo
still extremely sick :( laying down all day
i feel very UN PRETTY. i know i aint' beautiful like those other girls. :(
@stringquartet : ( They clearly suck. You don't want to work somewhere that sucks. *hug*
@AlexAllTimeLow definitively I will go to shop with you, if I lived near you :(
OK. She's soopah-stunning and everything but WHATS WITH THE FAKE ACCENT Aish??? :(
at the grandparents(:  poor beccy :(
@featureBlend Its sad chrome has still not come to mac as yet :( otherwise i would used it as well
Our last program is today. The K4's are moving up!!! Good luck in kinder!!! I sure do miss teaching kinder :( but I won't miss these kids.
I passionately hate those stupid CGU insurance ads with the old people rapping :(
@beardoctor I don't get to the UK as often as I'd like. :(
why is it that things which i love to happen only happens to the people that dont even care about it! man it suuuccckkkss :(
My grand daughter is sick :-(
off 2 skewl 4 finals :(
Not one item purchased in Green Bay. Oh sadness :(
I don't think I want to ride in this weather. :(
All my shows have ended! :( I have nothing to watch.
Last day of school!!!!!!!!! I am gonna miss my boyfriend soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much :(
@blondekatie ...My pryers goes out to you and you family and everyone that know your uncle Frank :(
Im the only one on my row, :(
@Bembridge trying to think of anything I could hang over your head to stop you telling all.........I got nothing :-(
I hate my family :( They don't understand me :(
They say bad things come in 3's.....i am dreading the next one! :(
@wings2011 meant i am all sweaty. sure that few drinks will get that piggy cold out ya system why am i dead? don't wanna be dead :-( haha xx
@kim_cre8pc - aww...that sucks.  I always felt better when we lost by a landslide than by just a run or two.  :(  Glad they won CM game!
@madaboutbooks Am reading WTLF at minute. Want to read Lost Riders but all 4 copies are out :( Alice (am in english in library)
just passed the border .. Bye bye Kuwait :(
I feel :-( today but Imma tell my feelings how to feel. I'm in control. TGIF!
@melvolner we are going to dr forlexi at 9 so we wont bethere either :(
@pascalgrob I'm not feeling well either but if I tell my dad that, I won't be allowed to the beach tomorrow :(
stuck in traffic. :(
was almost in a wreck and mcdonalds was too crowded for me to stop, so now i'm shaking AND hungry :(
&lt;3 no more tweeting before sunday : (
1 hour of me apologizing &amp; reassuring; 5 minutes of her breaking up with me. Must've been a much more terrible boyfriend than I realized. :(
Oh y do I work on a nice day and we rt busier then hell :(
@stii yip, i know, i was kinda sad not to see kohana on that list. :-(
..STILLL SAAD..MAAD..haven mixed emotions.. :( I REEAALLY dont wanna leave my pplz.:( I LOVEE YOU GUYS :( &lt;3
I cant seem to come up with a name for my design company :( any suggestions? If i pick it ill give you $20 lol
I'm sulking cos Adam didnt win American Idols  :(   Nothing against Kris - he's good but guess Americans are too conservative for Adam
@Beez_ Shot in the paddock! :-(
@J0sephus Can't BELIEVE you're bailing them out. V Disappointed :-(
Check out the new Team Fortress 2 Update. It's really awesome and adds so much depth to the game. Sadly i have a bad ping with UMTS :(
@tardigrada its really good on co-op its a shame @jonfire doesn't have xbox live.. :(
@WilliamHStrafe And me...don't feel bad. :(
need to rage tonight..wish some of my old tally favs were here :(
@kyleandjackieo Thanks for posting that.  A lil crushed though....  :-(
writing an essay due in 24 hours.... :( any help at all would be extremely grateful and appreciated.
@AnnaSaccone sounds yummy! i hate now living on practically nothing! :(
Gonna go clean the shower soon! :(   Wish me luck! I HATE cleaning the shower! :(
is going to do some wake boarding because of the non-wind :(
@RandomMonkey3 1. UH HUHS SURES X ) 2. HAPPY BDAY TO YOU!! 3. AWWWWWWS :(  BUT OWELLS!!! :D
@galooph Trade you. I'm at a desk. Writing endless documentation. :(
@QueenofScots67 Afraid not, :( still looking for homes
my vista night getting worse :(
stuggling with &quot;the decision&quot; with my cat, &quot;Boy&quot;... not a good day at the Rodina's--- on my 2nd make-up app this morning :(
Just leaving Leatherhead heading back to the East Midlands on a Bank Holiday Friday, M25, M1, what a bummer! :-(
@TheLPFreak poor u :( were u at school though?
@RobertKazinsky unless its a TV series? IMDB doesn't say :(
sometimes the today show gets me choked up...idk why :(
so tired :( last real day of school i think lol
i feel so bad :( this day was... strange and scared me.
No Sound No Video Nothing :///////// :S :( #asot400
I feel so bad even though i just took my vacation :( IDK y
Back from the printer. Now at my mother's. My father took forever to find wi-fi WEP key... :(
dont know what to do... my synises are blocked again and this will be the case for what i expect to be a few months...i feel like crap :(
@KraseyBeauty Good morniiiing! Yes yes...we must catch up. Wanna go for a mani again today? Oh waiit..... :( lol!
oh look at that! i was right (N) The dealine is waayyy over (N) :( Fuck it ill do it anyways.. nothing else to do &gt;.&lt;
I want chocolate. :(
@deandrewright Dead Serious. @DJMissBehavior Wordddd. :(
Think I will go to bed. So sick I can't even enjoy twitter. :(
:( i wanted to sleep in...
@XlucifersAngelX Thanks been a busy day and havent got around to any FF action :(
i always thought it was thursday todayy.. blahh its friday! which means in 2 days school starts again. :(
10hrs sleep again. Still exhausted. Much as i love my job its bloody exhausting! :( day 9/9 half done now!
@BrittGoosie the fuck?! You kidding me?! They're obviously dicks of a doctor then! :(
@doufas Lovely, bbut unfortunately our companies policy on Open Source means we can't use it :(
I am completing coursework before I have to go to work tonight :(
i'm sad i don't have to go to my internship today :( soo now what am i gonna do??
really cba to start revising... esp. seeing as its chemistry i have to do :(
Has a earache! (n) :( however hair is still good as is the fact i have actual moneys (y) :D
Gasolina just came on...i miss freshman year :(
my stomach is not my friend today...in fact, I'd say it hates me :(
Dear life, I'd like to be healthy for a week. May has not been fun. Please stop with the curveballs. Love, Me. P.S WISDOM TEETH? COME ON. :(
They arent letting my mom leave the hospital in time for court :(
@NickHS me too :-(
@iriissx3 No. :( He hasn't answered our prayers YET.
PISSED/DEPRESSED :(
Uh oh, I learned how to fight in Undisputed... 6 fight win streak and counting.  Shogun is next!  Hurt back=No training tonight :( #SaveEarl
almost put water in her cereal instead of milk :o :(
Awake gettin stuff ready for my daughter dr appt I'm so nervous she's gettin shots n ears pierced :(
bored in ict. :(
At the doctors. For Nadia's whiplash :-(
Awake now, due to sister packing for the beach at an exorbitent volume :(
@SilentClown eesh, that IS scary. I'm glad I've never really ever had a nightmare like that. Sorry :(
being sick is not fun at all :(
Waking up early sucks :( Just finished an 11miler on 3 hours of sleep and tired legs. Last night was fun and def worth losing rest over! &lt;3
@nandiaramos She's at training I think. Booo :(
umm. who knows what the periodic table is? Homework.&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; :0 :(
@cake_02 is my lil sis have a problem? :(
spent all my points on rock band dlc, im out now :( lol
feelimg like shit tired and i have to go to school :(
5.30am....way too early for me :(
can't revise :(, whyyy is it raining?, and i miss zii,heathh,raya,rachelle and oh fo fizzle :(
Had our 1st soccer game today and lost 2-4 :(
RT @Koufie: Here is my new dual monitor setup. Thanks again @ScottAllen http://twitpic.com/5os1f &lt;--sweet! ~ too bad it's not a MAC... :-(
@inezherbosa I miss you, too! Where've you been? :(
@DiiLee hahaha, thnk u &amp; ur friends, and am trying to driink and eat now ;D oo I wanna kick u but I can't jsmy mt5adr :(
Corey saw our bunny's first sneeze and first yawn. I am a deadbeat mom. :(
OMFG YES OLIVIA WE SHOULD. ! PEOPLE ARE SUCH BITCHESSSS. poor miley  :(
@V3events  no way!?  Ur at a game right now!? :(
Is watching Denzel (the dog) trying to catch flies!  and should really be heading back to work about now..... :(
Yay! It's raining in Denmark. Can't tell you how happy I am to live here. *sigh* Why wasn't I born in LA? :(
Work in the early wee hours :( ergo I must embark upon sleep...nite tweetfaces! Xx
Going in after this horrible cigarette :(
didn't like the sound of &quot;if and when&quot;..... :(
@windows7center How do I install it on a netbook Fat32? No cd drive available :(
need followers! :(
@hollymae20 sorry you're feeling so yuck! :(  are you in london or portsmouth now? xx
Sasha gets all the love :-( I'd def kill twice for some frozen cherries right now. Lmao
Awww. Syempre you left me again. :(
@LisafromNY and 24 pool aint open yet :(
is sleepy and missing his car.  :-(
http://bit.ly/5sYN4  its true :(
dinner is taking soooo long. :(
@Miss_S Melanie and I have known each other for over a decade. No, they haven't said yet. Testing may take some time. : (
Trying to find UI solution - with a very little success :(
im trying really hard to pretend i'm not sad that i can't or wont see this guy for DAYS.. but it is not working...... :-(
Is home but sick as hell :(
is considering a set of electric drums for home. My Pearls are at the church &amp; I have nothing to throw beats on at home. :( BOO!
@iHolleeee okay miss who blocksme on msn !! Okay bye :( love you too xox
0613. daym. not again. this has to stop. gaaaaaaaaahhh. :(
What i did was wrong now i regret it. Tell me how to erase yester. :(
Back to work now i suppose, enjoying the sunshine though :(
@tombiro I plead guilty. I've done it too :(
@MusicSnob75 I want starbucks and have no time to stop before work :-(
@BenCollierLewis sorry you're not too good at Taboo and got dominated :(
trying to put beetlejuice back in his cage, but he wont let go for anything. :( poor beetle misses his mommy.
Toothache&amp;&amp;headache&amp;&amp;earache&amp;&amp;mystomachhurts :( ohhkayy so everything is acheing
@aedahl Im sorry :-( at least your cell is working though... Mine mysteriously stopped working
@figpybfo epic spam (Y) my dad thinks serena's ugly :( he was like &quot;why do they get such an old lady to play a girl in high school&quot;
My 1999 Expedition might finally have met its demise. Done in by another newer, probably jealous, SUV. :( http://plurk.com/p/owao1
I wish I was on summer vacation :( boo
guess who is out of organic milk this morning .. :-( .
My garbage disposal is broken.  :(
Y LIK DIS koss :( also too-late realisation that am not bass-head or even tolerant of phat bass. let's hope these open up
DAMN! Wellington Hurricanes lost :( never mind theres next year to look too...and All Blacks seletion coming up soon, should be interesting
lonely day @ work...everyone is off for the holiday weekend :( time for some coffee and figuring out how to get music to play on this comp!
Helping hubby pack to go to Dubai tomorrow ... wish he didn't have to go :(
hopper's battery is dead. damnit. rockets in the shop. il miss you rocket. :(
Humback Whale has washed up in Providence Town on the outer most beach :-( .  Hearing Cove Beach is a great fishing spot on Cape Cod.
Still with the headache :(
Off to go train....I have a tummy ache :(
this sleepy girl has a 12-hour day today :(
I'm the only person who would forget about jean day at Hitcents :(
HAHAHA interview of kimi when he was 21 &amp; his voice is sooooooo cute , he's 30 now &amp; his voice isn't as cute as before :(
@spaznuttklee Who's an email snob now? :-(
growing weary of this mystery cold; has turned into chesty cough now, but not really coming on; don't get it :(
going to the doctor to find out when i will have my tonsils taken out : (
Not feeling so great :( going back to sleep.
Fell asleep writing last night.  Wish I could have finished. It's been so long :(
@mnrmg Good you feel well. I am good thanks. just waiting for the end of work :(
Where is my boss??? Granny is fun but I miss him.... :(
My iPhone just stopped functioning because I put off upgrading it to the latest 3.0 Beta version :(
@yaneri killer¡ :( someone else I twit in FL says it's been raining all week, you got much on today or nice and relaxed?
My hands burn from disinfecting the kitchen :(
I hope my friends have fun in ark! Miss you guys, nothing to do tonight :( lol
@heathenshearth not much going on here.... gotta tackle this dirty house but I am reacting badly to lack of meds :(
@geospizafortis Why is the Glastonbury i'm not going to have to be so awesome. :(
:( there is a sad face. i missed so you  think you can dance last night!
chelsea won :( 2-1
@NicholeAudrey :( One day at a time...
@Pink hey pink...how did your first perth show go? sorry i missed it :( could't get tickets.
@hikbye Dont tell me you're sick!? :-( No good on a holiday weekend
Dog catcher court this morning. :( I won't miss the neighbor. (Explitives deleted)
@fally87 he's going to try and torch my house down :(
@AmeliesBakery you're not following me :-( email me at justin@cltblog.com
blog-hopping. stumbled upon a wakeboarder's blog. i suddenly missed this sport :(
why is my hair always in my drink :(
heard an upsetting spoiler about the SYTYCD Top 20 and am now depressed :(
Chillin' out on my bed. Each time I eat something sweet I get an intense headache :( what's wrong with me? OH YEAH I ALLITERATE!! :]
Is watching game 2 alone i guess :(
follow me pleaseeeee :(
will death magnet disappoint me... :( #newalbum
RT @mnrmg best and worst onscreen deaths in cinema; but no Mulholland Dr. :( http://tinyurl.com/olvqoq
Headache :(
@bryantma Just make sure you keep it that way. Don't need to hear of you becoming road kill. :-(
@jonasbrothers well... i need to go to bed. i hate to say it... but goodbye. :(
Cannot download the latest DNN 5.1 Beta build... CodePlex is having issues. :(
Longing to own a sewing machine! My Birthday is too far away! :(
@RjMin : ?ây **chìa chìa** t? nhiên mà. nh?ng mà cô l?i làm sao th? :(
watching tv with my mom. baby jack has kennel cough. :(
ugh....why am I so tired? :-(
is feeling rather morose.could be the prospect of spending a whole lovely wknd studying :(
Going to try to sleep now, had insomnia all night :(
Why is there a crying Bumblee in Transformers 2?  DO NOT WANT :(
@drcharlii :( how come? work?
@moogal would be so much easier if I lived in London :(
@jaymsterbean now i'm all worried. :( what are the odds of him disapproving?
@BellaTerraRVRes Ah, but that would require an RV. I don't have one, it was an aspiration that hasn't materialized - like many things. :(
@xbllygbsn pff fine then! ;) ooh it doesnt? :( what about one of they gaming chairs aaron has? ;)
@1indienation Oh no :( I hate those little suckers! It helps the itch 2 put something cold on it. I wonder what purpose they serve on Earth!
brrudutrasomene knows the book &quot;Auto of the Barge of the Hell&quot; ? OMG, i hate my portuguese teacher :(
sitting inside at home..it´s a rainy day here in Finland :(
@abhirupmishra wazzup!! kya kar raha hai saale!! me watching southpark on tv...the audio is all censored :(
wish there was on central SL web-page where details on march and land expo could be had easily :(
i work for a uni &amp; we aren't gettin this lovely 3 day wknd so many people speak of :( tho our vaca time makes up for it so won't complain
Oh my god.. One more day till the dreaded prom :(
Back in office. Uploading the pics from my Vancouver trip and then some tests to pass. Today's going to be one heck of a day, I tell you :(
@primaryposition kills you in what way?I can't drink red-gives me heartburn :-(
Being Lazy because i don't feel good :(
I have a hot cup of &lt;strike&gt;coffee&lt;/&gt; WATER with brown color, sweetner and a splash of cream in it.  :(
Right - so now i'm home - what next...... Cleaning :(
@IntervalThinks oh dear...been misfed wrong info...sorry! It doesn't appear to be out yet... :(
@janiceftw Oh GOD Janice! I am so sorry. I don't dare pretend to know what happened but I know that no matter what, this must be hard. : (
Last peprally of the year... err actually prolly my life! :( haha
got the stuff on my nails that stops u from biten thm n yuckkkkkkkkkkkkkk its nt nice :(
@piemomma Oh man,  I feel for you on that one! I can totally relate unfortunately!  Makes for a great day doesn't it ?!?!     :(
*sigh* I wish I could listen to the Bobby Bones show right now. But i'll settle for the podcast later :-(
@Encounterboard   That links doesn't work for me  :(
wants to go to turkey!! :(
My ear is bleeding, quite a lot! :( NOT GOOD really isit.
did not have a satisfying nap :(
@ePandu OMG! That pic reminds me of so many things :( Feeling nostalgic. And when did the autos turn green and yellow?
Night at the Museum with Elizabeth, Lee, and Kate. I will miss Elizabeth and Lee so much next year :(
At work 7 in th am....TGIF, enjoying the quiet...but Im already ready to go home too much to do :(
My back hurts and it's been keeping me from sleep :(
@lolamontgomery: Awwww!  Too bad.  :(
missing my hubba :( cant wait for him to come home!
doesnt wanna go to the gym :(
Well, looks like the &quot;ShareThis&quot; button woked. Didn't pick up the link I had in the post tho :-(
home sick...ugh. feeling awful! :(
Agh. Exams suck. :(
@softaspinksuede I didn't even notice and I love him :( I am crapola! The new song is tuneeee tho.
@Willie_Day26 because I had to work. : ( I was devistated, keep up the good work and will you guys be in Texas again performing anywhere??
Pretty convinced now that some kind of rodent has taken residence in my wall. Bastard woke me up this morning. :( THIS OLD HOUSE &gt;:|
More call grandparents time. :(
What an headache... :(
waking up :(
The best Intern pit EVER! @Ana_Bana @GwynneMurphy @LaurenJHoffman @RunChitown9n Last day at Weber :( Sadnesss.. #followfriday
Wish I was heading off to Camp Hell.. Missing the 15th annual.. :( boo.
Going to bed after a bowl and ep of ST TNG, oh God I'm a geek... :(
@jessaybz I tried to private message you, but it wouldn't let me :(
I'm trying to patiently wait...but i want to MOVE! :(
@o0omunkieo0o don't know if I get lunch or not :(  Stupid clients
@klr397 Thanks for reminding :(
@cgroveshr that link didn't work for me :(
didn;t win :(  back to work now !!
Fact: Do not drink pub squash  (Lemon drink) After eating ice cream.... iurghjdhtjihtfh ONE WORD!, Terrible :(
I want a bike..... :-(
life isnt fun anymore :(
@whoppergirladv I uploaded the wrong one and now it wont let me change it  :-(
@zeldman You seem to have bad luck with updates :( did you get iTunes working in the end?
@kooljaek you had a great trip tho. I envy you! I'm just gonna be in the city &amp; eat a lot..well it's kinda fun anyway. @emptyframe BOO :(
@brawls I would love too. I am afraid I could not make it without @lorileinard. :(
I miss being able to grill filets when I want one.  :(
is feeling a bit on the hungover side today :(
Watching 'The Breakfast Club' and missing/thinking about Katie&lt;3 :(  xoxo
@asandroq  :-( What happened?
@CrisBrown what happened tho? Been offered an interview in wolves, but its kinda staffs side of wolves which is way too far :(
@princessavila No my face still hurts today.  :(
It's all rainy and gloomy out.. Just how I feel inside :(
It's a FML kind of day. :-(
just  ate 10 of chips and salsa, I think i'm gonna be sick! :(
Today's Christian Woman is folding?  Ugh, not another one :(
@ruthafrita Adam Lambert :(
I used to think I liked the rain.. now all it does is make me wanna sleeeeeep :(
Making the benjamins... Only small amount of benjamins bc my job is dookie... :-(
i just neeeeeeed to make out with someone :(
@mistergeezy yuuup! for the next couple wkends or so too. lol i was s'posed to go to dc last night too, but i passed out early :(
@vrikis ages :-( about about a year haha, i got totally conned over the phone with a contract and a really bad phone never use phones4you
@Enigmatist sounds better than my oatcakes and coffee with soya!! Trying to get weight down again BOO! :-(
I gotta clean today... wish I had a monster. :(
@marksteadman &quot;If they would have listened to it yet...&quot; :-(  http://tinyurl.com/pxfxhv
Link: I STILL BLOG ON NIKETHEORY - Seems like y’all forgot about me. :( http://tumblr.com/xsy1ud8jf
I think my leg is dislocated :( bon fire today and i get to see zooch
@Natalieexox I need it for tonight i dont have any other id :(
@EuroRockRadio oh kell!! :( HUGS HUN!! you'll be home soon!! ;)
@AndrewCrawford no TV for me! CricBuzz is the best i can do :(
@jaimiefanatic WHY Serato bruv :( use CD!!! Ahahahahah ;)
The accused should never be paroled!!!  Never!!!!   :(
@nikeasm dang yall had fish yesterday? :( i miss fridays at Granny's...yall just too far now! (((sad)))
I am at work :(
is tired, and cold, and sore :(
My wrist hurts :-(
attempting to wake up. not succeeding. not like me at all :(
I must to study, &quot;Kejsarn av portugallien&quot; by Sela Lagerlöf and I just feel very lazy today :-(
Ruth call me backk!!! Mom says she's out late...i miss yall so muchhh :( Argh,I LOVE ALL MY BESTIES!!!!! YAY!
NO @nicksantino don't sing this century my love for you is wavering now :-(
Did casey say u could use his phone last night? U never called :(
@farahy halamak so sorry! i didn't see your message. :( yessss i watched it on Tuesday. nak tengok lagi!
It's not a good day for work.  I'm messing things up all over the place.  :(
Sorry I ever supported HP :( . HP has turned into Gateway and emachine. (crappy).
@NicolaGreen1 would be awesome if it would actually quit raining.....its not stopped since I got here :(  how's home?
sooo Goodbye Yellow Brickle Road was AMAZING. too bad it's a limited flavor. :( http://tumblr.com/xui1udbwk
@pandakabobs bummer i'm already booked for that weekend :( are you planning on visiting art star next weekend?? or renegade??
There are some brilliant songs in the #firstrecord topic. I was born in the wrong decade :-( or at least the wrong end of a good decade.
feel really ill :( oh dear =/
Damn lost my voice no morning singing for me :(
'the boys are back in town - (get your knickers down)' oh I do love the live version of this song. Why is Phil Lynott dead :(
Party tonight, but I don't really want to go, so much work left here... Exam on Tuesday :-(
Bad sleep night-long periods of being awake. Throat sore and tonsils obviously swollen. Great-on a long weekend no less. :-(
@chelseadolan I am not a bum! :(
@shadye909 :(
I don't want to talk to advisors, they don't advise, the judge your arse off :(
now iam broke  :(
@egotraipsing I'm working :(
I am having some serious coding issues.  I will be blogging tomorrow when I get them sorted... Until then I am on hold. :(  Sorry gang.
@vedanator To be honest the qubo is just out of my price range :-( Going to stick to a new panda i think.
my lip hurts :(
@VATD i knows but its still sad :(
german homework :( what the hell is a schreibheft ?  x
How do you treat your hand eczema @esbjornlarsen ?  Sounds as if it is sore today :(
someday, I'll wise up.  'til then I'ma just love this bagel with honey/almond cream cheese .. :(
@_theX . . . And yet you never come to Beantown . Smh :( Haha . http://myloc.me/1ofH
@buckeyelanie Lucky girl!  I'm here until 5pm on the dot :(
@Nebraska_Dave hey dave..im real..the last time i looked :) .... i know im going crazy not sleeping, though. :-(
@HEARTnSOLEx3 I thought about wearn the purple outfit since it so nice outfit but my leg would kill it :( fuk I can't wait til wednesday
&lt;grumble&gt; Can't copy from an OS X app and paste into a Winblows app in Parallels :-(
I@cherbear100 I feel horrible :(
Crazy day in Chicago radio :( WGN ends Kathy &amp; Judy show, and WNUA to end smooth jazz format. I am so sad!
@billsimpson19 another 2 hours :-(
@iamjazzyfizzle I wish I got to watch it with you!! I miss you and @iamlilnicki :( how was the premiere?!
RT @VISpandex My twitter isn't working!! Are you guys seeing my tweets?? I can't see yours! :-( ===&gt; yeh I see u lol
went to the beach and got sunburned really bad. :(
@jordanknight can't check video's at work :(  send mor photos!
@fayeclark Nope :(
RT @rephlexs: I should be landing in Detroit right now... sigh :( #DEMF http://bit.ly/2pX5Xa
@CharlesGokey Hey. I wish I am really Danny's son.. :(
@w2kx i am trying :(
frightening, based on some analysis by Michele Ferrari the lead climbers at the Giro d'Italia ride my local hill (3km @ 6%) at 34km/h+ :(
why i can't even stream the audio? :-( want to cry now #asot400
I'm going to cyprus today... But i don't have any money. :( oh well i guess i'll get mom to get me something.
RT: @whonews: Power of public health lies in strong health systems http://tinyurl.com/py9pdf  :( estamos condenados
@wendytgibson haha i kinda like being the white square face.. lol i had such a good photo ready too :( oh well lol
everytime i go to check weather.com i keep putting in New Rochelle instead of Albany : (
Tomorrow we leave for a whirlwind west coast tour.  San Fran, Napa, Reno, Tahoe.  Now if only we could bring Teddy with us... :(
he's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar... :(
@MarcusEaton @StinkyShelby @linrose I missed the robins leaving the nest So bummed :(
...the only thing that keeps me wishing on a wishing star he's the song in the car I keep singing don't know why I do  :(
@nicholas610 couldn't be better, altho it's a bit cloudy here :(
@phoenixseven I tried to vote for her, but it told me I already had :(
Really tired of my friend trying to get my best friend to hate me. idk what to do. :(
V's last day at work today. Our company's hiring procedures are idiotic. :(
ugh, that hideous Gordon Ramsey's mistress women is on The View talking like she's holier than thou :(
@mully What diet are you on, if I might ask? I did SouthBeach b4 and lost a lot...but its back :-(
its so cold and my sweater is in the car :(
wished she had a car :(
Has not made very much today :(
@thecamerokid ~ :(
@nae2881 You've had a lot of this kind of stuff happen. I wouldn't have come in today if I were you. :(
i'm missing free comic book day tomorrow :(
SD tonight-tomorrow. I hate working...I can only stay pretty much overnight :(
to bad I had to make it myself.  :(
Thank u to all who brought me true British bank holiday weather.....It's raining!!! :-(
felt cowboyish in the morning. so, slathered some bay rum as aftershave. too sweet-smelling for my taste :(
@fsamurai  hey! I heard that your kids are kinda ill :( are they ok?
Still working :(
@Fitat31 I am so sorry for your loss.  :(
@Rissa545 minging headache all day and work is dragging!  :(
A little depressed after finding out how much taxes i owe :(
there went all my plans :(
@Midnightmovie73 ugh I wish I was going shopping, I'm getting ready for work :(
taking a shower .. gma`s viewin 2day :(
feels suddenly anxious and tense... bad sign... thi is a bad sign... :(
4hrs and nope...not so far!!!  Twitter schmitter :(
Finds her mom rly annoying. I need to detox and do an H2O day. My skin is shitting. :(
Twitter broken? When I retweet today, I get &quot;RT @null:&quot; instead of a Twitter name - every time. :-(
Back working at the porn shop :(  THIS PLACE SMELLS!
@dbferguson oh dear! that is not a nice thing to hear at all...in fact a very NOT nice thing to hear. so very sorry. :(
I am so pissed at myself. I stayed up till 2am playing sims without saving and killed off my single awesome dude by fixing the tv.  :(
I hate writing up product descriptions :(
@sneakyfox I normally read :-(
@ichin Don't hate on dentists! They have the highest suicide rate of any profession, 'cause no one likes 'em :(
@nessak I'm on the last one, without P Wings and with only one continue. I'm going to start over :(
@RobKaas you're making me hungry. :/ i have nothing good to snack on, either. :(
My hand is not raised :(
Last day of http://shootthebanker.com/ :(
Still not feeling good, maybe allergies, or a cold :(
feeling very ill and angry.....not a good day :(
thinks he may need to start looking for a job sooner rather than later :(
@suniaahmed i am in school :( i have that program where you can go on twitter and stuff.. did you go?
@catiams oh my god me too! he should sing more, but not take the lime light from the others... but yeah he gets too forgotton! :( x
I wish I was in Morgantown so that I could do fun things in this nice weather and not have anything else to worry about. :(
@CrysWinchester D'aww, Cryssie :( Stress no good... Y'know I currently have strange cravings for CrunchyNuts and NutriGrain XD
Argh I'm sick and school is going by really slowly today. :(
I need to clean out the laundry room and bring recycling to the center - we've got ants. :(
kinda salty that a cat ruined my weekend plans...thanx a lot cutie pie! :-(
@Tiggr You are a black box to me. :(
@waxingpoetic75 I'm sorry.  It sounds like it was a waste.  :(
@LMW1305 depsends on the employer but yea they can be rude sometimes!! :-(
Uggghhh... Waking up hella sore.. :( it really sucks being sick... *~xoxo~*
This is one of those days where the time flies!  And nothing significant has been accomplished :(
@Rickafox Sorry about &quot;The Game&quot;..that was my favorite show. :( But as far as ball goes....Nuggets all the way...Game 6.
@ThisStarChild on their part. They just didn't understand :-( Coathangers hurt as well.
Argh. If my back doesnt get better by tuesday then i wont b able to go on the trip to blackpool :( ...Ive been waiting for this for months!!
@DougBenson Damn! I was only one off :(
Hooray Bank Holiday weekend &amp; guess who's working tomorrow until 1pm???  Great, NOT!!! :-(
@shamara99 link is broke friend :( redo it pls..nd im calln to request a sng :-)
not bothers doin' homework this half term. Teachers officialy HATE us :(
feeling sickened right now that some vandals broke windows and wrecked part of Bernie's coffee bar at the College. :(
Missing my Twitter folks these last couple days.  Haven't been on much. :-(
@wit324 I woke up with cheese bits in my hair this morning then remembered that I'd eaten a ton of mac &amp; cheese before bed last night :(
heading to my cousin's funeral :(
@Lamoomita I feel a lil better bronchitis still kickin my ass..... Might not be able to go out this weekend :(
Gotta Go now folks, got to get laundry in and make my dinner and watch the final Paul O'Grady of the series :(
Only one of my kids like sardines and tabasco sauce on Ritz crackers with cheese. :-(
still soooo many hours left. unhappy i am :( also not enough food left
I miss my Bentley back home... :( let's see if I can rent 1 down here
Oh and also i want to reiterate my condolances to The Pirate Bay guys, good luck with the appeal. Good luck in jail :-(
On the way back to the chi, what's up with this rain?! :(
@xokari I pretty much died when I was running errands earlier. I was like, wtf?! IT IS APRIL. NOT JULY. :( lol i had to check the month.
Just became 3 shades darker from playing soccer :(
wants an Access Virus TI but they're like 2 grand :-( :-(
my abuelas cooking is so goooood!!! but there isn't any pega left :( and i ate way too much but what else is new..
Ugh, not only does twitter make you evil (http://bit.ly/i8SJR), it's also full of spam accounts that invade my email box every day now :(
Murphy went to the vet and got blood drawn today, and a shot, he's got a bandaged paw :(
where are all my friends???  :(
answer the phone, you bastard :(
or should i say my brain needs to optimise my neural search pathways to find my muscles again :(
I miss bentley :(
I completely shat myself when the mannequins at the exhibition moved :( :( [headbutting Jamie in the process x)]
@seriouslyrad I once had a dog named Rocky :(
i&quot;m going crazy!!! somebody PLEEEZE help me!!! i can't upload my pic!! :(
work still sucks not even halfway done and im starving :(
I'm not really leaving tomorrow am I ? :(
Crowd last night was screeming.. must be bcuz we're in Area 2... :( Shame #asot400
@x__dickhead Awwww :( That suckssssss xoxo
Can't sleep. It's 2:05am--Ugh!!! I'm not even sleepy :(
... or so I thought....  :-(
@uniquelymo I got the text, but the pic didn't go thru. :(
@islayian  Yes - and its probably not do-able to be leeted for a DHT post if not a PT, despite  management quals and previous history :-(
@markress understand that, we are all busy. I can only tweet after work. :-(
Funny tasting A+B juice is not nice, especially when no one believes you. :(
my back is killing me :(
I am so full from the pot luck dinner I ate :-(
@starbright31 took me awhile but found it. :( poor nick.
No power downtown! :( Hope it's not another blackout
@PaulDale67 that's not fair :-(
It's very cold in my bedroom! :(
Grilling out....good food! At 6 it was 71, at 615, it's now 60 :( I was enjoying the warm wheather while it lasted...
Home stretch. Mosquitoes joining in to &quot;help.&quot; No bats around to eat them. Our *very* bad.  :-( http://twitpic.com/3k8do
Sulking over the Yankees 22-4 loss to the Indians :-(
@MrW0nderful Now there's even more reason for me to come over!! Now I want coffee, but I can t :(
@Suai have to! G1=horrible! :( whats good tho homie!? thanks for comin out the other night! you definitely have to perform @ the next event!
@gypsyroadhog @tinkerbeela just said the same.. :-( thanks for telling me. x
@ceci_c hope you can sleep well tonight , otherwise, your immune system will get weaker. :(
ok so my brother just got a mac book and its so much prettier than mine lol :(
@dani3boyz :( I really had high hopes for #CBJ ... Maybe home ice I will change their luck.
Ok... so 2 hours into the self imposed shopping ban, and i am already aching for a shoe fix...this is going to be harder than i thought :-(
*stares at his new £100 paperweight in disbelief* :-(
shit its ten past one! and i gotta get up early. oh deary me. better going to bed now :(  Goodnight, sleep tight, Dont let the bedbugs bite!
I want to dye my hair but I'm afraid Ill screw it up :( HELP!
Still at office working on coursework :( http://bit.ly/l53Gv
I hope since @oprah is friends with @ev she doesn't make a call to get me destroyed :( #herebeforeoprah
@Thaedydal Sorry I missed you! :( Had to run home to start preparing dinner. Will we see you for the panel tomorrow morning at 11.15?
@NancySeeger 1 hour(53 minutes actually) from 85th to 33rd :-( ah well it's only Sat nite... Crushed the mtg :-)
My Barry Zito lost boo hoo. Love him any way. I dont hate,,, He still is the man. Steve-o is gone DWTS stars wont be the same :(
@trackademicks/mommy did someone hack into your account? Even though its a quote, I've never heard you use that word... i don't think :(
i need you i want to youu knooww :(
mary just left :( gotta move out of fierce's tonight and into grahams. then prolly bed time
@wilfordtibbetts no!  I'm out. But not happy :(
doesnt know how to work this lmao :(
@chelseyfo7 it's okay :(
@stephhie101 i know !  i'm soo sad :(
@ifiredmyboss604 Yeah yeah -- i want my bunny ears    :(
@marcand yes :(
this is the only thing i hate about spring :( .. i was fine then i walked outside today. .instant sore/scratchy throat and iritated eyes!
@champ711 i wish we could figure out this picture thing :(
Damn ... At the UFC fight. :(
Idk anyone on here! :(
@lili_marlene Ohh that sux :(
reading last lecture :( so sad
@RaymondZhuo No no but it is really dummmmbbb :(
my baby girl is sick. she had to go to the ER today with a bad ear infection. my poor sweet girl. :(
I think Zydeco popped a hole in the air bed. :( Oh, crap.
DAMN- my PC has COMPLETELY given out :( this sucks ...
I feel like crap. :(
Going to bed now. It's been a long depressing rainy day! : ( Nite!
We are sitting in traffic...hope att these people aint going to the same party as me :( I hate an over crowded event
@xxemawwiii how's Amanda doing? :(
Waiting for Morgan to get home from prom.  Sorry, Mom, for the years you waited up for me.  :(
@Zombi3Kill3r I might be getting one from someone according to an email i got but I never got a follow up email so Im not sure :(
2 minute noodles tasted way better when i was at uni :(
some parents are so meddlesome. it makes me cry :(
Met the hottest guy ever today.. Was too shy to ask for his number :(
I am not proud of myself.i bailed on the pre-test.i guess i ws scared and just not ready.i'm so disappointed :(
im lonely :-( keep me company! 22 female, Denver - Colorado
@putrilydia why do you always eat something that I really want to eat :(
@xJulianGray sad but completly true... I hate the new mtv. :(
at home, plans fell through like always. And news for everyone, i think i got used last night....and its not a fun thing to feel... :(
what? what are you talking about... i... i didnt... i didnt mean... agh you caught me... :(
Only one day left of Spring Break. :(
Headed home. Upset. :-(
@xoai please reserve a #barcamphanoi T-shirt for me :( Thanks :x
there are too many animals without homes, and its really sad. i hate seeing pictures of them locked up in tiny cages :(
just chillin at home... my body aches from rock climbing.. OUCH!!! :(
doing homework...  :(
@savannahkenney we totally forgot about the wedding. I just realized :-(
@CoasterXlr8 I learn this after I've eaten dinner! :(
@raindx I know! I know! :(
Being left out ruins a night. BF ran into old college buddies and destroyed our date night :(
@Hereticfred I think maybe....considering I have no idea who you are :(
i made it 6 hours... feeling shitty :( missing too many people, and obviously not handling it well. sleeping with willow.
is about 2 savour his last coffee b4 fasting 4 his operation 2moro @ the Shepp Private Hospital @ 7am :(
I wish I ate as well as @mjyazzie , I ate chili from a can tonight  :(
@boomboxhearts :( they're not in my phone which means my phone tarded out on me. it does this lots lately. no buttons work. waa. when home ?
Crazy wind today = no birding :-( http://ff.im/1XTTi
punched in the face, not good.....my head is sore :( x
@semipenguin i'm still with ya..sitting in the computer chair..no couch since my laptop screen is busted :(
@MUSiCiSLiFE45 hahahah that may be true..... unfortunately we're at 3oh!5 now though... :(
@Claymoore Hey... on your side bar under &quot;web address&quot; over there-----&gt; your web address is a bad blog page :(
@AliceJong haha... i was painting downstairs while watching family channel. now i don't know if YOUR up and i am slightly bored as well.. :(
im lonely :-( keep me company! 22 female, Yakima - Washington
Mets won, went shopping, celebrated Brad's b-day w/ everyone, I'd say this was a pretty awesome saturday.  Not ready to do hw tomorrow. :(
Why can't I ever get to sleep at normal hours anymore :-( sick I needa get better
@Elleonora yea, not many people have this :(
Perfectly ripe and fresh banana goes in the bag.. Arrive at office, it looks like it has been hit by a freight train. Poor banana :(
No patron in my cup : (
bed... lots to do tomorrow...and still not feeling 100 percent! :( and back to work on Monday!!!!!!
To the window to the wall... To sweat drips my ball. Portland had a terrible game against Houston :( ? http://blip.fm/~4kgd3
enjoyed the Petaluma races, but misses her hubby :(
So I sent my laptop to HP in Houston to get fixed...houston is flooded FMLaptop :(
this is not nicki minaj :( im sorry for the lies and decieves i just really love her and she didnt have a twitter...bye guyys
i don't see the big deal with this website :(
@Gavinners Dude, I was totally updating while pooping. I had nothing else to do. :(
@kdarnie I KNOW RIGHT? and ugh ned is so gorgeous and sweet and cute and i want a ned in real life. cant believe it was cancelled :(
@michalabanas Hey Michala! And yes, I have to work too. :(
has just noticed that day is breaking, and I've STILL nt worked out how to sucessfully get sounds to run in VB.  I fail :-(
being borde and watchin a movie called The Holiday :(
I. Want. To. Cuddle. :(
@nick_carter ohhh!!! I love to go out with you but unfortunately I am in another country :(
this isn't fair. i hate this.  :/ :( D:
My hair is pissing me off. No one ever knows how to bleach black hair :(
@alyssenicole thats suxs, and am sorry, but i know how u feel, am still have 3+ hours too! :(
I am alone in this world :(
About to hit the hay. Dreadful day tomorrow! :(
@Urban_Lindsay Sorry, I had my tweets off on my phone :( where were you guys?
@JMMARob I feel your pain on the sports team. I have the same issue. :(
@Kila21 CHI TOWN ALL DAY MY NIGGA!!!! Livin in wack ass Cali! :-(
@linkismyhero Last one I completed was Uncharted on PS3. Platinum Trophy, yay me! I lack Platinum Trophy for LittleBigPlanet, though... :(
@sunburntdoe Most likely on Tuesday or Wednesday :( I have a check up on Tuesday at 9 &amp; I don't know how long that's going to take.
@souljaboytellem u were right about the fake nicki twitter.lol.uhm.I feel really unloved since u dont reply anymore :(
Disappointing game 1 at the Rose Garden tonight Blazers :(
@melissabux i wish you were with me too :(
@neilhimself Do you know if it will play in Melbourne? :(
tonight is one of those nights that it will be hard to fall asleep alone :( just seems quiet i guess.
@biggreensummer i totally agree... i've been missing friends bdays due to the new different layout :-(
@suewaters  Map won't let me put myself  on it.  La Loche must be too small! :-(
@edenrachael i guess there's a #readathon in april &amp; in october...guess ima have to participate in the one in October :(
Trtying to get customer assistance at k-mart is very difficult. :( apparently, no one really works here and they all just hang out.
People who assume I drive and have my own way home are frequently mistaken. :(
watching Girls Next Door haha!!!nothing on TV :(
I'm hungry and I want IHOP now! :( Bullfuck!
quantus lost some of my luggage :(
@moriahsallis I don't want you to move :( but I will come see you !
@Christy_Collet. I'm sorry :(
In my country ppl actually think it's a good idea to make political advertisement using a #Batman logo :( http://twitpic.com/3kzl8
Feels out of the loop :(
Changed plans: seeing Bedroom Philosopher but not Felicity Ward, can't get there in time - sorry Felicity. :(
@PDXvlog @LittlePandaExpr oh no I totally missed that got it like 2 hours later :(
@redchinese19 and you are mean :( you only gave me 8 M&amp;MS!!
Little boxes. I hope I don't ever live in one. :(
Disappointed over sound quality at Educamp09 - especially in some of the recordings. :(
@brianangelday26 WOW... SORRY :( GOOD LUCKKKKK
Almost out of work then home to sleep in an empty bed :(
Just doesn't want to have to worry. That's all I want. :( &lt;3
...I'm about to pop a motrin 800 &amp; doze off to sleep...the pain is shooting up my face :(
@EAMatt Nothing is on :(
I've decided that I am only getting married once, ever. If Matt dies, I am not remarrying, because planning a wedding is awful. :-(
I just got unfollowed by 3 people in the last three hours :-( haha i don't really care though i didn't know those people to begin with
waiting for your credit card to start working again, means no going out saturday night, due to no cash moneyyy :(
I can't find a car I like :(
no courage to finish Griffin and Phoenix :-(
The worst part about laundry is: the longer that you wait to do it, the more unpleasant it becomes. :(
Been a long day. Tomorrow is the last day of Spring Break and I need to get homework done :(
@gerardway y is it that when u have the best intentions that people want 2 stab u Its so hard to keep it together when ur blood runs cold :(
No kids and no husband in the house tonight.  It's been just my animals and myself.  I am very lonely.  I don't like an empty house :-(
checked every house/tree in the neighborhood... no Loki cat :(
@gracechin Boy that sounded condescending didn't it. :( oy vey
@sugarfairy511 :( oh no!!! sorry hon. :(
@PhillyD Awe it always sucks when you cant sleep in your own bed :( Hope your dad gets better he is in my prayers .
wishing i had a follower. :(
sexual frustrated in seattle  :(
@shanedawson  out of yogurt :( sry
thats no moon :(
tired of feeling so alone all the time...  :-(
About to go to job #1 again. :(
i hate being sick and having a stuffy nose. i can't breathe. :(
@backstreetboys Hey!!! I think Nick is the only 1 who loves his fans....Brian, Howie and AJ don't use their twitters...... bad boys!!! :(
@nicolerichie MArley and Me is a good movie. It  made me cry :( Ugh.
JUST realized im talking to no one... :(
@KimKardashian :( that looks like it hurts!! ive never had a sunburn =X armenians shouldnt burn!! lol
im being a total party pooper right now :(
Sushi was awesome as usual. More expensive than I remember it though :( Still nice to get out.
I also didn't walk today :(  I might walk tomorrow, dunno tho, if not I am definatly walking Sunday
Starting to fall asleep..... don't know if I can make it :( #readathon
Totally sick but all the cold/flu medicine is missing! :( Taking some daytime pills. Hope these don't have caffeine I them. So sleepy
@esoteric_vae I can beat you on that front.. went to bed 4ish.. back awake 6.30.. failed to get back to sleep. Have now given up :(
@imnikkim haha at least ur doing something today im stuck at home : (
@Xenex someone tweeter back to me that it's KFC's version of McCafe :( I was hoping for a dine in KFC ala Pizza Hut.
@nathashahaggard bet mine was longer :(    just got home
@fakerpattz :( That makes me so sad. I feel for you even though i cant reach you. Well in my dreams you keep me warm every night.
I guess I wasn't meant to watch ptwittytv live. :(
May have another half hour :-(
about to leave the park going for fast food i wish we were going to ice cream w/ cc &amp; denis instead tho ugh summer or fall till i see him :(
pose ta b goin ta AZ dis week :( i hope lol
cant a girl just dance please :(
@SinnamonLove http://twitpic.com/3l21l - Damn baby girl you one of my all time favorites, but you lookin busted on this pic. :-( the cig ...
New venue buck 50 bt im so tired. :-(
@missababe :( you never know one day you may be lucky and go to sleep with me at the same time haha
Leaving Trollstigen, heading towards Bjorli. Super-dissapointed over Trollstigen. Not spectacular at all :(  http://twitpic.com/3l2dv
Why won't my Mac/internet let me attach/upload files? :(
@mittopotahis awww that's sad :( i saw them in '07 and it was during a lightening storm, but as soon as they came out it stopped. weird
i want my money from kevo to hurry up :(
after chillin' with @WaitPauseThat @sdotkdotc and @joannakrystle, I now want a blackberry. I felt left out today :(
@amikan1983 it's true you have no idea how hard it is to be accepted by people when you have a disability. :(     thats why i wanted ur help
Cut a bit of skin off my finger... Owwwiiieeee  :(  I think its time to go to bed now.
@wendywings :( started raining in Mt Eden
i miss my friends. :(
BTW I Don't live in the country I  am Suburbia HELL, where theres 0 Sense of community :(
Coachella is coming to a close :(
my dog is in my room SNORING! :(
ohhhh shittttttt please dont say kimis car's gonna go bang :(
Mysak just left to go back home :( I didn't think I was very attached but apparently I was. I wanted to pick him up and never let go again.
@UrbanNicole hahaa, i used to have limewire, then all our comps got viruses. :( so now my dad makes us pay. haha. i borrow cds.
about to go to sleep... go see the doc tomorrow. ahhh i wanna be done. :( this weekend is weird.
ugh why did the weekend go by so quick? Had a really great time. But now it is time to study...for physics. :-(
going to visit my grandpa, and then training cisv... :( i only want to sleep......
@SarahSaner Morning darling, this is getting to be a bad habit, you arriving as i'm getting ready to leave, : ( xxxx
I did go to sleep. :( My eyes were heavy.
@Kacymru sick. ears and throat hurting. :-( now gotta talk with the welshman for 3 hours :-(
i didnt see any jonas posters :( BOOO I SUCK!
It sucks when you're looking for 3rd St. and you see 25th St. because you know you're 22 streets away. :(
home. :-) but exney with the phone. :-(
@Alliegator8u :( darling im sorry *bites you*
Listening to an old interview with JTG (John Taylor Gatto)...before i get down to business, yup working on a Sunday.... :-(
Yo! @POParazziJess I'm sleeping on your couch and @Valire is on the other side. Where's my bff, jace!? :(
i cant stand the taste of alcohol, so it has to be fruity,and it  only takes half of glass :(
@janeybelle15 oh I'm very rarely sick! Can't remember getting home though :(
@botched sorry to hear about your loss :(
wanting to pull an all nighter but nothing 2 do! internet is only good for so long :( omg i want pink sunglasses
@osohollywood im at home, about to go to bed. my social life is going down hill :(
@groovygeorge Haha not really, going drinking next Saturday, everyone (including me) has uni early tomorrow :(
@madison_mae sorry :( i thought about that part way through but didn't stop to convo
really happy i got to talk to phlegm after a looong time.... really misses him :(
chilln' - felt like i had an unproductive day! :(
Oh noes! brothers xbox 360 has the red ring of death :(
:( i feel so confused
@cherrytreerec I can't see anything :( Stupid YouTube and their location restrictions. Who's in the Speedo?
just woke up. about to go see my friends play a football game (soccer) : ) it's early : (
has a heavy week ahead of her and a heavy cold to match :(
i can't find my sister on twitter :( makes it harder to stalk her
@nernin you been hacked or something?  that last entry is not you... :(
@Kenichan I dived many times for the ball. Managed to save 50% :( The rest go out of bounds
@rustyrockets Russ serious now, do I smell? Do I have invisibility cloak on? Do I look like you may catch summit from me? Baffled :(
@SilknPearls Can you believe  220 followers oops now it just dropped down to 219  made somebody mad decided they did not like me : (
Did Twitter temporarily disable editing whos tweets go to your mobile? Currently, I can neither turn specific ppl on nor off :(
@scarredbytimex :( smile girl it'll get better I promise &lt;3
@VioletsCRUK Think i mitev ruined any chance of sunshine here. Left shorts out last night 2 wear 2day. Usually kiss of death 2 sunshine! :(
@heathercrabtree wish you were there! :(
@anindian true ! :(
@neilmcgwyre disco flu? is that something you'd catch from disco Stu? genuinely sick :(
and finito! All bathroom contractors been thru the house. Quotes incoming then i need to bite the bullet :(
im going to cry :(
@andyclemmensen delicious lol. devo, cant go tomorrow :( come get me? lol kidding!
wot a boring start to the IPL !! :(
It's so warm today! And my external hard drive isn't working :(
I googled up remedies for jonzing and reading was one of the suggestions. therefore i'm now reading angels and demons.. it's pretty bunk :(
Sorry I missed you Coachella :(
It's morning.  I'm bleary-eyed and not happy to be out of bed :(
All out of fish oil :(
@manxmidge Because Bernie and FOM don't provide a HD feed :-(
Wikipedia has gone :( forever! See what the goverment do its there fualt lets hope donations or something bring it back !!
Just have my dog her antibiotics have her her pain med early. Tim wouldn't wake up to help me :(
@MariahCarey I'm up 2. Just got off work at 3:20. And now I'm home laying in bed and can't sleep. :(
@amazingphoebe alright, i'll talk to mum about it :( i'll talk to you later i guess :( i love you
@2tonetom laying in bed :( someone called me and now i can't go back to sleep :( @ddrfanatic682 love it we'll have a twilight session soon!
Not looking forward to tomorrow, more coding &amp; writing :(
asot400 is down in the trending topics. too bad. :( #asot400
@alely_noemi you know it should have been your sister to save you, not the security guards.... :( *hugs*
@rachMcfly life sucks man, school tomorrow :( Im quitting a subject haha
Omg! idk where u r n I wish I culd tell u in persn but im deeply sry 4 evrythin hope u can 4 giv me n I wish u the best sincerely *tears* :(
I will be back at 3pm, because @castroh has banned me from twitter for 5 hours :(
Thank you Denny's Crew!!! Sorry about my abrupt leave. Jackson and Jimmy are very tired :(
@ZROGST I miss you :(
My face is numb :( lol in Pittsburg, CA http://loopt.us/my4QkA.t
Morning everyone! Stuck in registration for a while then assembley! Nayyy :(
just got home from watching &quot;knowing&quot;.  It had so much potential to be good.  :(
Randomingly woke up at 4 and now I can't go back to sleep. :(
Fuckkkkkkk force india out :( #f1
I lost my &quot;luck&quot; bracelet last night :(
@ankita_gaba ya both r there today. :(
@JoelMadden i cried too.. i had to go to my moms house to hug my dog. :( so sad.
@GJRM I'm sure the Simon-socks miss you too ;) they don't get much attention when you're not there, he keeps them chained up :(
back to reality tomozzz :(
so bored, i dnt know what should i do :(
everything just went on paid orgramming mode :( goin to bed.
Pity about Sutil and Force India though :(
@renn @souldsurfer88 @edial the mexican is not nice for my stomach though..:-) or :-(
@JoelMadden oh no does the dog die??? i havent seen it yet :-(
The #roosters never win from behind on the scoreboard at halftime. Unfortunately we can't win from in front anymore either.. :-( #nrl
No one is following me:( I am talking to myself here 2X :(
That was an amazing race! So happy for Vettel and Webber, but also heartbroken for Sutil and Nick. Poor Nick :( #f1
Is trying to find friends on twitter. But I can't :(
@JoelMadden omg that movie iss soo sad, i seen it at the cinemas.. really bad idea haha i cried so much :( so sadd.
@mileycyrus I would too if it meant spending a day in heaven w/my mom and getting to see her again. :(
Is back form Ireland. Had such a great time , I didn't want to come home but I got my dog and family to tend to, so I had to come back :(
No ganja means insomnia :( No medicine means no sleepin...
did the aircon just died/off? :(
Running #android on my Openmoko Freerunner. Eye-candy UI, makes good use of both HW buttons for navigation. Linux base OS not as nice. :(
@JoelMadden That film broke my kids hearts i had them crying for about 3 hours. And it had me upset before it even got to him dying to :(
Listening to music since I got fed-up of hearing @cpearson1990's ;p  I tried to be sneaky and bag the decent headphones. I think I failed :(
@nighttimberwolf Last night together! :( good night twitterers
Good Morning everyone! I've had another exciting but exausting wkend! Lots of dancing n grinding + alcohol! Now I feel miserable! :(
The thing about living with 4 Danes and 2 Swedes is that you never know what they're saying about you while you're in the same room... :(
IS GONNA QUIT LAVISH. I cannot afford to live like this.... : (
Today I got2do shopping 4easter! &lt;3 Malachi xx owww I'm so sore too 2day :-(
wondering why things are different :(
@kel_marshall tell me about it, had some mortgage quotes last sat. Going to be skint for the next 30 years. :(
woke up with migrane :( this sucks!
Not liking being back at work this morning :(
Back in da city :-( means back to work tomorrow :-( although I have shot nearly 4 rolls on the fisheye ^_^
I want to go on MSN arrrgh :(
so tired had like no sleep in ages!! :(
@coreyjrush i was gunna invite you to dinner but i thought you may have been busy assignmenting :(
Awwh babs... you look so sad underneith that shop entrance of &quot;Yesterday's Musik&quot; :-( O-: I like the look of the new transformer movie :D
I want Miiiiiiiiiiiiilk! DAMN! :(
Why is no one online at this time :(
can't sleep and dunno why! :(
way too tired &amp; my face hurts :( i need a week to be a recluse and not leave the house
omg there's twitter bird breathing his last moments in my WC :| :| :( How did she get there? :O
@Beaniebanks Yucky! lol.  Thanks for asking.  Wasn't like this with my other two :-(  No fair!  How are you?
GIMP crashed on me again... :(
@scott_amh yes :( it says my wp database doesnt exist
@reatlas :-( Clean Me!
For some reason, I have a strong urge to draw illustrations for novel covers. :(
http://tinyurl.com/d9yjfk *cough* Ok, for now, I stay with DVDs... :(
Tweet tweet...back to school tomorrow D: Muchos hw to do :(
BACK TO UNI TOMORROW. My two weeks of leisure are over :(
I hate weekends :(
sitting alone on bebo. sadly no-one has commented me. :(
@johnianmarshall I didn't realize until my mind was on sleeping. :(
@rachel_simmo Well done yesterday. Glad Moseley won. That and the Hartpury win are the only two positive for a Glaws fan :-(
@Jakeshears damn me livin here in syd...miss out on funkysexy festivals :( but I do get to be sexy...all the time here!!
fucken bored, watchen band of brothers (good shit) and eatin pretzals, Bec just left and i miss her already :(
@suzymcben I DO need more sleep. Help me!!!!!! :( pmsl @ the general.... Enough of the army already...!
Running around the park this morning with approximately 8 zillion other people. Feel like a lemming. A slow, slug-like lemming :(
@crackcouture wow! that sounds fun! nah just going to melbourne for a couple of days unfortunately :(
@jeffkang greeeeat but now i ate all my hard work away :(
.. I miss washington!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( me wanna go back.
@poppetshop that's the second ipod i've heard went crazy this month! :(
Back home to the Frozen North. Am hoping @Podgod will get the munchkins today, but I think it'll be tomorrow :-(
@thecraigmorris hmm.. got a PS3, (not got PS2 no more :(  ) also PSP  and old Atari 2600 which still ACTUALLY rocks
the weather is so nice outside. ok a little bit cold and windy but still pleasant. wanna play outside than 'forced' to be sat @ home :(
Ran outta graph paper - freaking out! &quot;can somebody get the kid some graph paper&quot; ! - anyone :( ?...please ? :'(
wide awake and bored.. :(
@infinitydefines :( omgawd i couldnt handle my cat being in heat all the time D: D:
just realised how sick @nanisnap sounds in his videos... Hope you feel better soon buddy! :( Look after yourself!
Going to bed, alone, again. But I did get another 1:30am phone call (oh joy, cue sarcasm). Just want someone to hold me &amp; love me :(
why do I keep doing this to myself?..... :(
@Derisu Aw, that sucks, I won't see you in cosplay... :(
WHY is it raining?   Grrrr, no IPL then...  :(
@DonnieWahlberg I hope i can make it to the auburn show. but its not looking good for me :(
@kthxx roflllll no he doesn't have twitter :( he said he doesn't have one on twitter
Watching DJ Emir battle his computer for supreme ruler of the studio.  I think the computer is winning :(
@RayRetaliation and he knows if he lied to me, he's a dead man. he said Gee only uses when he's with MSI and sober with MCR :(
match delayed due to rain :(
Laptop keeps freezing and I can't do this artwork :( I need to do 9 more samples by the end of today :(
RT @centerofright: http://is.gd/tgGE Youth kills father for not voting Chiranjeevi :( #indiavotes09 WTF!
@loser1830 that's pretty cool. i've been out of school for like 2 years now :( gotta go back! what else have you been up to?
ah jeez. painting finally done. english homework now.  :(
is with the flu... :(
isnt there any way we could update twitter through our cellphones :(
wondering why no email from aat for me. : (
@ssedro Was it on when submerged? If not, let it dry for like a week. Some might suggest a hairdryer. If water's in the HD, buh bye! :(
in LOveeee &lt;3 and it hurts :(
Off to work :( Yeah, ad set Sunday!
Back at the office - :-(    still only 3 days until another long weekend... :-)
3 nkotb shows in 2 days!!!!!!!!!! OMFG! im sooo tired :( lol well worth it though :D cant wait for summer!!!!!!!
gotta clean up my room :O :(
@EmaBaksa oooh o.o school starts tomorrow :( then i have to study again x[ my break is finally over...
listening to itunes......1 in 4-5 songs are gonna be really annoying songs frm &quot;100 greatest guitar songs&quot; tht my bro downloaded :(
Shows over :( Now I have to do all of my holiday work today. And tidy my room.
Parents coming up to city to have lunch in west ! Tonight @Larissa Gattringer leaving party :( x
@cyanida :( better go get that checked ASAP. heard it's been going on for some time
is getting more nervous the longer i have to wait to see the doctor :-(
@mikethemiz :( i wanna see you in england, meh
spending the whole weekend kerning :(
i made it (Y) @amazingphoebe it isn't my fault :(
got an essay to write now, Stoppards presentation of Septimus Hodge in Arcadia... :(
I may never drink pop again....brought on bad nutcracker esophagus symptoms big time last night  :(
i think i may have food posioning :(
it's sunday the sun is shining and i have lots of homework to do :(
Gnite twitter world..long day tomorrow. Night class till 10pm :(
class, wholefoods, then finishing up my final :(
Got drunk.  Got loud.  Got obnoxious. Pissed my friends off.  :(
@bettsybuns you have been a very busy lady. I am a lazy slob. :(
up early on Sunday morning with  twins who are still sick!  fever for 6 days is criminal... looks like we have ear infections now :(
@kungfufightz1 sad face :(
Need to go to tesco but can't be botherd getting taxi there and back and carying all my bags :(
is going to start his coursework at 13:00...wish me luck :(
No msn friends on twitter=boring :(
@Chartel96 Ja, kipt at vi tapt :(
ugh sunburn :( I got a nice sunburn yesterday lol.
@LaurenDayMakeup I might try and get some when i get off work. It almost feels like my throat is raw or something. :( should prob do to doc
Although a rental car does mean that my wife left for Alabama for a week. Just me and our 3 cats :(
@robfmac - I cant enjoy it, I know that School starts again tomorrow :(
@amazingphoebe it is until you actually start believing me again :(
@missmonnie oh don't QQ in the shower :(
watching rove! Back to school tomorrow :(
@maryjanesuckaz it really is. :(
@druidDUDE i jss woke up and you're going to sleep :( hahah. well, good night.
feels sad for Madonna - she fell off a horse &amp; is hurt :( Didn't that happen to Patrick Swayze? Is he ok now? Wonder if he's on Twitter!:..
@TheLonelyGnome You're not the only one who thinks that.. :(
wants to turn the clock around...... :-( http://plurk.com/p/ozdgb
ugh! i wake up and ff goes to sleep :( guess i should just do more revision
My phone keeps restarting. :( - http://tweet.sg
@alexinmadison Too much to try to get done today to go back to bed. :(
-doesn't have anything to smoke anymore- :(
early game today. work at 10:15. :( barely any sleep. oh well. i have a walkie talkie. my day is all better.
Now I have to leave the movie and work :( I'm not fond of modern world.. at all
No TravoRadio this morning. BlipFM is down. :-( http://bit.ly/ch6Xr
Do I really have to wait another week for the next installment of 24? :-(
Is off to work! How not cool! Its too sunny outside to work! :(
Am bk in Uni 2mora : ( deadline rs arriving n times flying by i wish everything wud slow down so i can enjoy the time lft xxx
@stephmak its 5:17 am. im barely sleeping :(
ahhhh my art looks rubbish. i wish you could rub out oil pastels. :(
is having a lazy sunday hidden away because the sun's hurting my eyes :-(
@TraceyHewins yeah and wait for it, my mum called me it :( she also called me a man whore as well :(
@Nicholas698 I'd vote for gladiator, was disappointed by alien 3 :-(
is finally home after a shitty day at work doing floorset...... : (
Back to work today. :(
RT: @pauly: Amazon mp3 downloads down to 29p So much for my 10% :( Cheers @jodiedoubleday http://tinyurl.com/dg5qtg
@TjTheCool aw :-( make it work
Uuuhhh my head hurts! Self inflicted :(
twitter is the only fun social network that's not blocked at work,, yay! hope it doesn't get blocked soon :(
@henrygerson Yup! Agreed! :(
eer... so much stuff to do and I just wanna sleep the whole freakin day and forget all about it :(
@PushPlayNICK Ahhh I Wish I Could Come But I Can't I'm So Mad :( But Good Luck Tonight ! Love and Miss You Guy &lt;3 Mrs.CJBaran&lt;3
@ivyleagueescort not too good :(
@hollygable xxx sorry doesn't cut it. But sorry nevertheless. :(
being bored... School tomorrow :( got new pencil case and pen and bag and stuff... yay. DREADING IT
it's soooo early why am i awake :(
Spent the night at my mother-in-law's place. I like her a lot, but the beds down here just don't do it for me. Not good sleep. :-(
Sat here doing nothing...again! :( needing to do loads of homework wich i cant be bothered to do really!
JUST WOKE UP ITS SUPER EARLY :(
Getting ready to go to O'Hare to drop off Esther. :(
where did everyone go :(
@nuttychris I mean @ionacosmetics my bad :(
Denise is flying to CA this morning for 7 days...gonna be a long boring week for me :(
doing the whole church thing without the hubs today...Im so ready for him to be done with wlc! I miss seeing my hubby :(
@Sheryl07 being nosy, lib is only open till 5 2nite :( still easter hours apperently!
no one cares about me in my family :( it has taken three years for my mother to buy me some curtains
Just had a terrible dream :(
@ALStrays Aww, what's wrong with Monster Mog? :(
@BOMBTWINZ we had carpenters making repairs and I couldn't just leave them alone. :(
RT @glfceo: @mariashriver just saw a preview of &quot;The Alzheimer's Project&quot; on HBO - no words ... thank u - very close to home :(
gonna have to study for some upcoming tests :( see you guys later!!
work :( oh well!
Arsenal lost yestee. I feel sad for Fabianski :( what a bday). Nadal better pull off his magic before I declare this weekend a t. lost.
is getting sick :( Looking forward to Tuesday, loves her best friend Ayoe and misses her cousin. Life is pretty damn good at this moment!!
Huaaah fat fat... Need to stop munching :(
Just came back from my brother's last rugby match before the end of the match. I take pictures there and I'm gonna miss it. :(
My Gateway has crashed and won't wake up :( The system fan is working, but nothing else is! Ack! At least I have my laptop.
hope the er isnt to busy today but the nice weather doesnt keep people healthy or safe :-(
Woke up late :( dnt think i will make it to sunday school...but last nite was amazin :-) i gotta t shirt :-)
Stephen just left, :( i miss him sooo much....
ahhh! back to scholl tomorrow! :(
Church, eco-fest, then work...sadly though no Circle JJesus :-(
I was trying to find a real picture of me to put on here, but I am hopeless :( no good pictures........ *sighs unhappily*
Driving to soundcheck, wishing there was a Denver station that aired the @JesusShow   :(
@Mtarbox20 That will mentally mess up Andy too :( Err let Valverde beat Cunego then!
is feeling like she shouldn't up right now, so tired :(
@TheMightyZeke eh yeah i had a rough night..took a sleeping pill but i ended up sleeping at 6 am :( and waking up at 5 pm!
@dtm3dd Yeah, here's hoping it can live up to the hype or a lot of people will be disappointed :-(
Would you travel to your grandmother's funeral if you would be leaving your spouse &amp; sick child for 2 days? Not sure what to do. :-(
@ work crazy busy here today!! We only have 2 RNs 4 24 patients! 2 pts r out of conrol &amp; Someone Is about to pass away :( god bless him
my braces are giving me ulcers! :(
my back hurts :( i have spanish to do now :|
@Wossy I'm sorry, Jonathan, but I can't even pronounce your lunch. How do you pronounce it?  :(
@friidaah: it rains tomorrow :(
We're back in the Netherlands. In Belgium GPRS didn't work :(
I need to work out more!! getting fatter. :(
@jess22t haha i know eh. but i'm thinking about vet science at sydney uni. cept that the guy wasn't there last night. he was in hostpital :(
Work time :(
I HAVE to clean today..ugh..don't want to.. :(
studying Chemistry... Got up to pg 15 in three days :-( that not including the 5 chapters of reading material, just the workbook..
Can't sleep and brother is at home with girlfriend and baby so i can't sleep in his room any more :(
@Wallace_Reid Mine has gone text-only, completely unusable. :-(  I'm having to go into FFox. :-(
i need to do art, but I'm reaally not in the mood :(
Yay it's not raining.....but I still have a ton on work :(
i miss MY niece &amp; nephew. :(
@NikkiBenz still waiting :( hope you got it
@WendyLHW how do i link it to facebook? will it send my facebook updates to this?  i'm super busy with school and planning summer reading :(
dammit RLS sucks grande eggs :(
fell over and cut my leg quite badly, hurts like hell : (
@jpfurry poor john :( this is what happens when you play with fruit and a microwave! Seriously though HAVE you seen a doctor?? Xxx
@officialcole Uhh, No :(
I want more follwers :(
work all day, :(
@hallowed_ground Sadly, that was on our agenda but we didn't get to it. :( We also didn't make it to the Roadhouse. Never enough time!
@jimmithy oh no :( haha
Feeling ill again today :(
@SinaB77 I think we all do   :-(
I hate money... : (
I've got English Lit, Art, LFL/LLW, Digital Tech and Maths stuff ALL to be done for tomorrow. :(
lost my phone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
Good (Rainy) Morning, Tweeple! :(
4 mile marathon is ovvaaa.  31 minutes was my time :( Regardless we had a great time w/good friends and it was for a good cause!
@xclairecatx I can't I'm not with vodafone :( Ich bin... sad.
is not really feeling Twitter at all :(
@Splont :(  I have a meeting all morning today if that makes you feel better ? Though I finish tomorrow until next weds to make you hate me!
Last day of vacation :( I could SO be a stay at home mom!
@miguelstdance Booo im going to see them on the 8th, have to watch the repeat :( x
Dissapointed that the 4 ticket sixers playoff game isn't until the 2nd round.  and we're going to lose horribly first round, so oh well.  :(
why does grass have to grow :( . cutting crass hurts ur back and it dosnt help if its hot :(
can't sleep bc I drank a diet coke @ 9pm....sucks bc I have to wake up at 5:30am :( :(
damn PES2009. i've never seen so dumb teammates before :(
Fuuuuuck. Nearly over my download limit already. Ima die :(  #fml
@yuvipanda i second that. stupid limit :(
does NOT want to write this history paper :(
Ugh school tomorrow up at 7, bright and early :(
http://twitpic.com/3lh5q - It Won't Kill You To :(
on my way back from the cape. wish we coulda stayed longerrr :(
@pritchardswyd I love tenby :(
@nicholasmegalis I'm an oldschool Joker fan even before Heath Ledger, God rest his soul. :(
is at church waiting for friends to show up ... Where are my peeps :(
@valingride valerieee i dont feel gooddd :( but anywho i was thinking of using nath. van to get coffeee can i come down and visit im boredd
@C_Elizabethxo What nowwwww? :( xoxo
@MickyInTheSky ehm Holly Valance follows u?? unbelieveble :(
Not happy with twitter. I can't see the public tweets anymore.  :(
work until 4 &amp; then catch up on homework :(
@SkeeterHansen sorry to see you leave... :-(
Beautiful day! working on financial aid stuff and fundraising letters. I have to work tonight though :(
Wishing it wasn't raining so that we could do some yard work :(
@jtannenwald no TTC HD for me :-( kills me I can't DirecTV re tree coverage blocking dish line of sight. Btw, wish Fox Soccer offered HD
@highfiveandcody :( do you golf?
learn for the school :( !!!
is well hungry, and is rocking out to Within Temptation!!!!!!!!!!! I miss Jamie! :(
@susanstn opps,, still unable to DM you at the moment. :( maybe twitter bugs after the maintenance.
Uni work to be done :-(
Unpacking, homework... normal Sunday things.  School tomorrow :( !
projects, then work. No french quarter fest :( no shows :( no fun. I thought being a senior as supposed to be better than this....
was told again i have no patience :( patience does not equal efficiency so hurry up..i need a MIMOSA!!!
trying to motivate myself to do the things I need to do.  I would rather sit on the couch and catch up on dvr, but the dvr isn't working :(
sad my girl just woke up w/dbl pink eye &amp; a sore throat after being around 15 kids ystrdy @ her bday party  :(
Wonders why she woke up so soon. :(
@elmooo_ lols same. i'm looking at getting the JB movie tickets. there selling everywhere except the cinema near me :(
@aCageyBee the link does not work :(
Hoping and Loving :$ Afraid to Think What's Next!!! Coz Im Really In Love With U ? :(
Sundays are so borings :(
Oh no...school....just 14 1/2 hours till it riings again :(
Too sore to go biking again today :(
@H2oNeku nope, its not there :(
Why does it have to rain and be cold on my days off :(
last day before school starts after easter break :(
Sunday morning coffee!  and schoolwork :(
i can't even escape him in my sleep. i keep having wonderful dreams about him. :(
should do a blog entry but isn't feelin the mojo lately :( sorry readers... maybe later today
Hooked to fanfiction again :( Gah wrong time wrong time..
Awww! It's the last day of spring break :(
@PrincessMilian :( :'( im too PuusAy to movee lol well riqht now i amm lol
Working a double shift today :( but A.J. is coming back! Yippie! Come see me at work!
One of the machines took my money!!! :(
Think I lost my extra camera battery. grrr... :(
MY conjunctivitis has not gone away, and my freaking faw line is swollen. :(
@ProducedByMe Sheva's magnum is slow against some crowds though. :(
didnt announce reading lineup :(
@bluecandylover I know :( I wish we had 1 more week!
Perugia was fun back in Roma, and now I miss the minimetro :(
A blessed Sunday morning 2 u all.  I didn't make it church this morning :-(
i just wanna sleep in like tommy--- ugh, too bad! :(
Is back! But not unpacked from Spring Harvest. Haven't got the energy, and it's college tomorrow! :(
@Robocub I always wanted an iBook ... but no USB and no WiFi means I wouldn't actually use it. It would just sit on a desk somewhere. :(
@sarahbetterlife back in the overcast skies :( our flight home was painless any ?'s you need to take a course on working controls
@LilMitch Damn. :( Oh well, that means we can just spend our money on something else. :D
To be honest hip hop is dead to me 80% of everything out is not hip hop but they wanna us to belive it is. I miss the early and mid 90s. :(
If I said my feet were sore it would be an understatement :-(  #aacr
Yay done simulink. Now report :(
Someone egged my bedroom window, I know who : (
@emmers44 I had the best dream ever last night!! And then I woke up and almost cried cus it wasn't real!! :(
Trying to write a sales plan but not having much luck :(
nobody ever speaks to me now :(
morninggg. stuck doing nothing :(
Sitting in the red room thinking...i left my ipod at home :(
only has one pillowcase. For two pillows. :(
yay vista is back. I wanna switch to win7 now :-(
@matt49er I only managed to watch the first one on TV, missed the rest because of the poor quality of the itvplayer :(
my stomach hurts like a beast. :( no idea why.
Hello world, i dont like to do physics. :(
Going to the dentist again :( I mean, tooth spa right @valeriekhoo ;)
Hate feeling this way :(
hi whatup??? i just realized that today is the last day of my spring break :-(
@TheMakeupGirl You've certainly wet my appetite with that one :(
struggling with relational algebra expressions :(
My beautiful car is getting trashed from street parking :( I wish people would learn how to drive.
@jodie_lane JODIE? ARE YOU AWAKE? ARE YOU HUNGRY? DO YOU NEED ANYTHING? coz i'm leaving. coz you wont talk to me :(
You' he is clearly not into me, but then those unfortetable moment, n all those happiness I got from him, I just can't let go. :( n we r an
@keza34 lol not in the bin aswell i'll be the only 1 left :( hmmm can we get a cat? tho lmao jj
Study Sunday :(  &lt;3 The Earth!
i have some sort of stomach flew. i hope this doesnt follow me on the trip back to phoenix arizona. :( womp womp womp
Sore Back :(
doesnt want to go bac to toronto today :(
@Trissyd you're a scumbag :(
Oreo cookies and milk for breakfast. No more cereal. :(
Its a grey day in London come back sun all is forgiven :-(
Going to attempt to make the most of the rest of the weekend. Sick wife no fun. :(
@pandamonster  I hate reduced service Sundays too. :( You can't get anywhere!
Had a bit of a rough day and have slowly worked my way through the medicine cabinet - ending with the diazepam...which has worked best :(
The Sun is shining...so what do i do. Study :(
is going to watch the brewer game, eat soup, play sims and sit in a vaporizer filled room. stupid cold. this sucks. :(
@ericg622 I'm cycling by myself because someone stood me up : (
chatting with friends,listen to music.Morgen school begins :( But i´m a bit happy cause i see all my friends again :D
@Bunnydoll i need a unicorn too! :(
yeah okay it's been like 10 years since i've been on here... getting ready to move to SC! My txt setup doesn't work :(
@tweetchild :-( Clean Me!
2 more days till change? I some how don't think so :( But if you don't vote you can't complain...
its turning out to be a disastrous F1 season for Ferrari :( .... frustrating Chinese Grand Prix
hahaha I love Alices adventures in wonderland. Uhm... I've bleached my hair too much. bleaching is dangerous haha i've burned my hair :(
freakin tired.. i think i'm gettin sick? oh no!  too much to do :(  i hope not.
Oh my word my throat hurts so bad. :(
@thelesbianmafia i wish i have those T-shert n saudi arabia :(
@omkar_kurode : you won coz i created &quot;avenues&quot; for you! and yeah, i made the mistake of choosing TANGO over ZONE :-(
Sometimes YouTube has no sound on Ubuntu :(
workin on my english research paper :(
@rebel_licious :(
is annoyed and sad. Even chocolate cake isn't changing that. :(
@beamfrost Asda is further away and in this heat, I fear I will shrivell up and look like a prune. :(
Last day home :( !!! Tomorrow I go back to Mexico City.
JALISSA! awe! i just read it :( lol ily
cleaning out the flood the in my house from my water heater :-(
@DiannePulham OOOOOOOO who with? (im not neither but thats because i need to study :( )
@Laura6476 awe I can't see them either :( well I can demi at wemely
@MeshMeshEre haha :D ive bin tryin to revise i hate tests :(
Haven't tweeted nearly all day :-( Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well :D Night time!
@KourtneyKardash I need get my beach bod back :(
just got my tongue pierced! aghhh in  pain :(
drinkin sbux &amp; enjoying whats left of sunday morning with funny youtube videos before @braxtonmedia has to go to the office :(
just woken up... I was trying not to fall asleep, mission failed. :(
cant sleep cant sleep cant sleep cant sleep somone give me some sleeping pills arghh hate this : (
Poor Syd ... croup again = another trip to the E.R. :(
@loveinstere0 not yet :(  but i got a lot of &quot;seconded!&quot;s.  i have no idea!  is it arashi?  k8?
I just woke up and my head is screaming. :( plus my whataburger chkn sandwich was half eaten and I passed out on my couch to sportscenter
@Teppotastic and there was me thinking we were all doing the books together :( you used to be cool man,  you've changed!
@Ollien33 and @carousella - I can't :(   I have another doctors appointment at 9 and another one at 11. Sucks.
@happyahma - welcome back! Sorry to hear about the ants. :(
@lalalaleisa But the last couple times I got taro boba I got a real bad tummy ache. :(
is feeling like the world is on top of her :(
gross weather today..not really looking forward to going outside :(
Ill, ill, ill... :(  AND I have to leave the house in 15 minutes :'(
@taylorswift13 i want to go to your concert but you are not comeing close to my town :(
Is Costco then yard. :-( I am hoping for rain so I may be excused from another day of mowing my lawn.
@Jasper_4ever i know, im really clumsy im scared :(
OH AND WHICHEVER DISTRICT IS REHIRING, IMMA GRAB IT. :( i sound so desperate.
WE LOST :( BUT THANKS VIDIC &amp; ANDERSON, YOU BOYS TRIED..
Wish i was going to rain to see Oakie! However Scotland is a bit far to fly from in time :( But bring on sep - i will be there!!! yay!!!
@pomsterr it's just sucky it had to be this way.. :(
@spigotZ link not working for me. :(
@happyvince I can figure out the activ8 but other than that - I would never remember the others :(
@five98 Yes. The iPhone has changed my connected life! it's just sad the network can't support high usage venues. :( sxsw/coachella/macworld
@work! And so hungry :( but no worries, mom is cooking turkey today :D
@aplusk neither sounds like a good thing :(
@geechee_girl Congrats on the weight loss, but... uh... the last half is usually harder, I'm afraid :(
Why doesn't she love me ? :( (via #zenjar )
I'll have to watch Tatort alone :( All the fun of watching Tatort is to start discussing who did it and why 2 min into the episode.
I'm so full ugh. Why is it sunday evening already? :(
I appreciate that youtube, netflix instant, etc. are showing more anime, I really do, but dubbed anime makes me a sad panda :(
last day of  spring break :( i think tht went by waaaaaaaay to fast!!
@toughcity no i have 2-3 more days of photoshoots..and it wasnt glitches, it was fucking disasters :(
@abcdude Well today Comcast is out in Boston - No Sox. Listening on the radio is not the same :(
@petteflet oh off course haha(dombo ben ik soms)...Yes i think so too :( we already missing them...
@MisterSkull awwwwww!!!! What a shame you're miles and miles away :(
OMG yesterday was Velocerapter awareness day!!!! I cant belive i missed it :O :(
i need help :(
FB #iPhone app is closing at random... again :(
Looking for those people who just woke up...... and need a good burger to take the pain away!!! (via @irmasburgers) Oh the pain! :-(
@jona_thin sorry, must of left a corel install cd somewhere in you room then.. :(
haha i am so lost can anyone actuallyy see what i'm saying??  if u can.. help me!im so confused all i wanna do is twitter :(
I've had my car 16 days and have yet to take it anywhere by myself. This sucks :(
miss kabalin hates me :(
I really need some advice, can anyone help? :(
scratch that, it won't be in imax :(
I just burnt my pizza and my left eye won't stop watering. WTF. Plus I have work again tonight :(
@pfspleen and i use them every day! I dont understand it :(
There is nothing worse than being forced to sit on a cold leather couch because your asshat sibling is taking up the non-animal skin one. :(
o believe me emma, i did. but now you woke me. :-(
Hmmm.. who wants to fill out these application forms for me, and then attend YMCA tomorrow aswell?? dont really fancy 7am start :(
Oy. Piano was tuned last week. Now it sounds terrible! :(
@LexitronAvenue hmm yeah....its close to the end now...maybe 3 more chapters...if that :(
wishing it would stop raining!  :(
Day three off of gym, day three of drinking... Noticing a trend!! :(
@lisascottplus2 nothingg just flipping through the channels, there is nothing good on :(
missed being in vegas at the same time as perez by 2 days :( bummmerrr
@Freebies4Mom That is cool.  I bought a box last week and it was not a winner.  :-(
lets try this update again...thanks o reliable blackberry *not*   ive got a terrible headache :(
Hoping I'll be able to get Kristen's Easter basket to her before Easter 2010 hehe :( http://twitpic.com/3lxzg
plan to do something retrieval spend the time, I stay all day in front of a computer :(
Is Rather Tired And Doesn't Want To Go To School ! :(
is listening to some Keri Hilson while Studyn for Finals...ughhh it's that time of the semester :(
homework time :(
Damn my phone and its zero battery power :(
Welsh Homework :(
My muscles are twitching and my back hurts :(
susan boyle is a perfect singer and i find it's sad she couldn't sing because she's so-called &quot;ugly&quot; :(
@mileycyrus why do you was in germany ? Awwww... :(
still in a funk, but need to clean and study for the rest of the day. :(
Is looking for a dress for her friend but can't find it :(
@socialscope will you be letting all current users try the new beta or only a select few? haven't received any email but others have :(
@Madeley  http://bit.ly/anQjU ACE prize winning FAN MADE vid for best single NOT :-( released in 2008. Please keep retweeting.
takin a Sunday break from housework. Snowing outside :(
@lazone  http://bit.ly/anQjU ACE prize winning FAN MADE vid for best single NOT :-( released in 2008. Please keep retweeting.
Bioethics went well... But now I'm alone for the next 10 days :(
has been in all day and no work done! :( I need to fix up!
@threefromleith  http://bit.ly/anQjU ACE prize winning FAN MADE vid for best single NOT :-( released in 2008. Please keep retweeting.
bday over and now it's time 2 pack. :(
@Gscape  http://bit.ly/anQjU ACE prize winning FAN MADE vid for best single NOT :-( released in 2008. Please keep retweeting.
Damm! No more lazy have to go to store then to in laws. Is icky and raining outside :(
Helped nick shave his head. Now im writing a tedious 10 page paper on Cuban diaspora in Miami. I just want to play WoW :(
@Brenda_Dean kaylee was sick to her tummy (quite a mess really) which caused her to miss her first field day :(
@awlred they dont exist :( however, anodising services do exist, so i could get it done *-)
going to work :(
@crazycubchris lol i've been up... still hella blah with the flu :(
I had two hotdogs and some chips...I should have only had one hotdog....I need to start training myself. :(
bad moods on beautiful days are the worst :(
got soem nintend DSI points to bad i ahve to wait a week to tehers a good game to download. :(
Being a creature of the night doesn't always suit me...  :(
Off out to doctors appointment. :(
@frugaldougal My son lives in London now! But he hardly ever calls :( He's a vegan and very green and doesn't have phone!
Back at my desk working. Sunny and beautiful day. Don't feel like working tho. :(   LOL
power nap then work, BOO : (      looking forward to school tomorrow : )
i am so bored while waiting for my friend to come over, but she can't till l8r :(
mission: convince mum to let me go to the US. deadline: june '09. motive: Sunshine&lt;3 mood: pessimistic. :(
@MussoMitchel hey mitchell! can you PLZ tell others to follow me? i dont have friends :( can you do me that favor PLZ? it would mean so much
@IYAZ08 heyy - i cant reply to your DM cuz your not following me :( - xoxo.
claudine's hair is really putting me off my wine - like a dirty horse tail :-(
@sjpianoprincess its the application bit i struggle wif. :( GRRRRRR maths. :(
wishes twitter had a translator!! Twitter just hasn't caught on in the southern hemisphere yet!! They'll get there aventually I guess! :(
@owenblacker I've seen that ep on Dave so many times now :(
RT @le_punk selling http://twasnwers.net I don't have time for developing that one :( http://bit.ly/RK5D9
@aplusk that's really scary.... im kind of freaked out now thinking about those clowns. put a warning on that stuff!! ahh :(
My yard is still a lake, will take days to drain off. :-( http://twitpic.com/3m1zc
i'm a mixed bag of emotions right now :-(
@yourdawn Dougie's visiting. ;) hahaha  :( I CAN'T GET OUT!
@random_michelle For me it blows. I use Office 2008 on Mac when I have to. Here, I have to try porting a docx from one to the other. :-(
I missed the Miss USA pageant, :(
extremely tired. it's been a long week. sooooo not excited to go back to work tomarrow. :( :(
I'm back on I think... Now none of my friends are! This is a sad MK night :( #skeptwiit
Does anyone know of a good laundromat near nathan campus or sunny bank plaza? The washing machine at home is broken. :(
Working on a reading response due tomorrow at noon when all I really want to do is hang out with my friends. Again. :(
back to work tomorrow :( so sad LOL
@TheLeftWing no it's not :( and this is what you meant by drasticly changing your appearance, loveee it!! http://twitpic.com/3mz0a
on the third floor. trying to hide form mom and maid. my mom is about to tell her that we are moving. expecting to see some tears... :(
IN WANNA GO 2 ASTRA 2NITE BUT THEN I WOULD HAV 2 FLY 2 sydney :( and i cnt watch it on foxtel :( im gona miss the whole thing
@omgiitsnicole  : ( waaah. ahah i have some really good ones during the show at harpers ferry, but i might shit my pantswhen/if i meet @ bnd
I want to be on vacation so bad :( Bring on the sun &amp; the beachhhh! :-)
Reading about KacieKinzer's cool inventions/projects http://bit.ly/jR6OL while working on a friends hijacked computer. Malware sucks :-(
ARGH I have a really bad headache :(
can't sleep....i have to wake up in 4 hours :(
damn, i missed the miss USA pangent? that's a prime opportunity to bash on pagent prisses. boo :(
@CrazyEcho I hope you talk to me more than once a month :(
i've written only the intro and 1 paragraph of my essay! its so hard :(
@CHRISDJMOYLES I feel zombified :( haha
I have a headache. ANd I have to pee. And my laptop is about to die. FAIL :(
why can't I ever sleep :(
@Suzyqbee10 actually im in a basement in the Midwest - about as far from the beach as i could be..... :(
just cancelled my dreamhost hosting account. a little piece of me just died :(
attempting to read harry potter and half blood prince again.. i got to da middle of chapter 5 last time... so hard since twilight! :(
we both worked our 4yr anni on Satnight! :( @moonfryeJust went on a date with my hubbie. Very nice to have some grown up time.
Back to work after hol :-( Slept in spare room so i'd be fresh this morn. Was in bed by 9 too! Got up early and even did 30mins of Wii fit!
Lost track of time reading Plato :(
@EmilyB_ :-( next time boo! whats up wit u? y u up?
going to work a full week for once :(
Being in pain as I have done my back in :(
@sonyawinder hahahah it's way cute. Why does it cost sooo much :(
@oeyz @armymy i saw it in his fcebook relationship status fakk i really wants him so bad :( but thts ok coz he said he was happy talk 2 me
its tooo hot here. not hot enough that i want to run my ancient AC yet, but still hot. sticky icky hot. windows open but no wind :(
@davidfsmith ouch - nightmare! :-(
@smallchou Yeah, work sucks huh? :(
WANTS TO BUY BIG BANG THEORY ON DVD!! :( byeeee.x
Assignment :(
@nehamujumdar aww :( you could use any type of cheese that blends well with the rest of your ingredients.
@StDAY I still say you're lucky. I wish it was warm here.  : (
I have dropped at least 5 cheese noodles on my poem and now its all goopy :( poop. Im sorry ezra.
@Spitphyre so I was just nominated by @punkpolkadots and you? I don't make the final list of nominees? :(
Can't believe how tired I am... :( Final exam tomorrow morning...
Great #weekend !! - don't wanna #work tomorrow!! :( #sad
@iandurkin oh well.. i guess :( im sorryyyyyyyy
@mfasil @sudeepnayak unfortunately looks like my 1TB works only Windows. In mac, it shows folders as locked! :( gotta see wat to do wid  ...
@superwife It will be just like last years heart run :(
well not really, but i did feel kinda sick :(
Once again I am up and energetic but also sad so I am going to lay it down : ( TTYL nighty night.
finalising annual report for 2008... Ugh :-(
is such an unproductive student :(
Long day at work... Good tired. Got some stuff from my house... Kinda bummed... :(
Sad to lose him! :( RT @stephenfry: The mortal harvest continues. The great [JG] Ballard now.
I cant see anyones profile pictures.. is that happening in Twitter today? or is it my computer :(
@antisiilucu still don't understand help...... :(
RIP granny :( and i work today :D
is back to work after a sunny weekend... damn... :(
@JMoney__ Ahh, I'm so jealous! This is the first year we didn't make it out there :( Bonnarroo instead..
YOU WHORE!!!!! I GAVE OUT MY NUMBER TO OVER 100 PEOPLE AND NO PHONE CALL... U N F O L L O W I N G ! :( sadface.com/idontgiveahell
Sitting outside doctor's surgery so it's my turn now :( bah what a holiday !!!
@Donniesbabe well its pishing here :( sun looks like it wants to break through hope it dows kids doing my head in !!!!!!
finally home... sooo tired.. :(
I don't wanna to to school  !! Too tired :( me - in bed.
@coldert I lost two followers already. It was kind of a joke, sarkasm never works on Internet :(
debating how to do &quot;the talk&quot; with my first years - &quot;siirrr, when are we doing reproduction???&quot; :(
@marteyo ive seen lots of doctors, but there nothing they can do other than give me a wrist support really :(
really can't be bothered with work :(
First 5 day working week in awhile.... never going to make it :-(
A great start to my &quot;HatefulMonday&quot;, feel like packing up and leave.I always say 'leave ugly early!' work for business should work for me :(
Am I dreaming? No. I'm writing :( so tired
@backstreetboys well, it looks like there's nothing left of AJ's butt since he never came on here :(
ugh...my cell phone isn't updating my twitter! :(
School, why must you come and destroy my happiness? :(
is pissed off, running from that old man who tried too trash our tent has left me with the battle wombs :(
Its raining and my husband leaves at the end of this week :( It starting to be a crummy week already.
http://twitpic.com/3nac6 - i miss these people! :(
enjoyed blore rains now back in mys with no rains :(
On the way SSC. Little bit headache : ( and my nose still full of ingus haha so that my ears got disturbed too
Imm dressing noob on hbabo, coz i LIKE IT :(
can't find my alyssa on twitter :(
to much stuff in my head and I can't fall asleep :(
tonsilitus!  sucks :(
@greggrunberg LOL I thought you were showing us a picture of something you drew in a studio .... I'm actually quite dissapointed :(
Wish i hadnt moved back! :(
Killzone 2 keeps crashing :( whats wrong with my PS3?
@Crazypickney if only Jamaica could be in the int'l scene when it's good news. (sports I guess?) :(
I am really going to sleep now.....i want people to follow me....but i don't know anyone to follow me : ( FOLLOW ME!!!! *evil voice* Giggle!
i do not want to be here right now :-(
is going to miss the lovely sunshine today as I have to go into hospital for the day :(
@tommcfly Are you comming back to Amsterdam this year? I loved the gig soo much! Made awesome pics! Not from you, you were to far away! :( X
too hot to sleep comfortably. :(
Anticipating a slow empty boring summer :(
i want food, more more food! :(
Tummy hurts :(
me, @blacksocialite &amp; @Cause4Conceit -- are cleaning out our Twitter accounts! Sad to see some of u all go! :(
Hounds all had their breakfast and been for a run, sunny day here. Got to fill up some holes they've dug in mother's garden now...oh dear :(
No matter how positive you try to be there's always someone waiting there to drag you down :(
Two deaths in one day? wtf? :(
Morning all. Gave the cat his tablet this morning... What a mission that is! He knows what we're up to now and prepares for battle :(
Driving to my parents and chilling with them. Well the sun is shining, but I don't feel so well today :(
group work done presenting! other classes left, while mine is in the midst of presentation :(
Fuck fuck fuck :(
I'm in history, so bad :(
@Stroopwaffle Yes, surely. I'd just rather try Valcyte first, but the public insurance only covers the massive cost for HIV+ patients. :-(
GGRRRRRRR I nearly finished my first knitted row, then buggered it up and ended up taking the whole thing off the needle to start again :(
@suchducks Alas! I has no rainbow. :(
Wishing I hadnt skipped breakfast this morning...hungry! :-(
lectures..blah :( and so it begins...
@crazytwism The guy with the max votes still wins. :( We need the return of the 'none of the above' options which has bin missing since EVMs
Today's maths #exam was a disaster. :(
@thegrates :( come to nz! we love you. you skipped auckland BDO and i was like nooooo.
@just_sarah_1979 i agree :(
@jeayese AAWW CAN I COME TOO.. I NEED A HOLIDAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE :(
My Mum leaves on Monday :(
Almost done....I feel miserable :(
Morning. Back in college today :( but going home at 1pm. Yay for my Mondays!
OH no :(  this list has Palm too.....Twelve Brands That Will Disappear By End Of 2010 http://bit.ly/1vcbd via @Media_Caboodle
Such a nice weather and i have to work :(
it's going to be a late night sorting through the few thousand photos i shot over the past 3 days. :(
tonight I'm gonna start again. I don't love her anymore :(
@FranzGlaus I know, just wanted to let everybody know what was happening  :(
my mum just told me i have to get a needle tomorrow. WHAT?! but i have hockey training tomorrow.. :(
Tired of my throat hurting... and I do not want to go to court in a few hours. :(
@katie_outram I would but I'm too busy :(
feel sorry for my friend who has been scammed (sorry for my word) by XOOM..&quot;I am the Recipient&quot; :( Bad Service! Now, i have nothing. :(
Really hoping to get a job.... and is now getting worried! :(
2 1/2 more hours of this shit !!!! these 16 hour shifts are killing me :( cant wait to go home and knock out
@__usethatbrain LOLOL OVENS ARE SO COOL! and why is everyone eating  lasagne now :( me wwants some!!
@JamboTheJourno I am indeed, the one with my RLC interview in. Good stuff, thought I'd finally found something no-one else had :-(
thinking about valuations and multiples and things. Head hurts...  :-(
@leepeesa Story of my life-stop looking and icaisfrank comes again ... What is this I read about a vet visit??? :( Memories/photos may help?
gunna try to get some sleep. got a busy morning tomorrow. :( school
@acummings I've got return tickets booked for this weekend :( If the exchange rate wasn't so bad I'd go, but don't mind missing it really.
@Nikkidru Happy Birthday!  didn't realise it was today till Liz said yesterday :(   at least it's sunny and you can study outside!!
can tell the Easter hols are over - took forver to get to work again :(  at least I only have 4 and a bit weeks left of it! lol
Not good.....Munchkinster is not feeling well :(
Dropped our little baby off at nursery, mums back to work . The girls are gone :( The house feels weird today.
@buymeamac and I am &quot;The Poor&quot; :(
Can't speak French and had her speaking exam next Tuesday :(
Urrrgh.  Been up since 3 with stomach pains and trouble.  I think I'll be calling in today.  :(
@JesseFyasko I missed it : ( Did they have Edies funeral yet? lol
Cant sleep. To much going on in my head. Gr. Gotta be up at eight. :(
@antholee I'm pretty sure G is leaving :( I hate him!
2 1/2 pages done 2 1/2 more pages to go.... :( i think imma just finish it tomorrow morning.. screw this
@DaHitman Yea I got a track with Juice...supposed to be working on some other shit, but the track i got aint done yet so I cant drop it :(
I was expectin e40 to do a bomb ass set :(
Oh i received an answer for a ticket that is 6!!!!!! month old. This is really really  fast :-( #cob #ticket
@joshtastic1 i no they judging me :(
More pain, eh? Balls :(
@juliesensei yes I am! under Jennifer P.T. Lee - had to add the middle initials because there are tons others. :(
@caspiansmith thanks .. I really need to get my head into study mode! I get the feeling the CISM is easier than the CISA so far :(
Aww, Sandra Cantu is found dead in a suitcase :( Missing children stories never seem to go good. Poor family.
Looking for a room to rent in swindon and wanting to cry :(
Another day of work :(
@LegoYoda Nope, got to 81, the progress is slow :-( but it's totally addictive &amp; I love it :-)
@mackmaine WHY U STOP FOLLOWIN ME? :(
Going to bed... did not finish MC :(
Obviously, that sleeping thing never worked out.... I hate being sick. :(
Twisted my ankle :(
on my way to the doc first blah... i need some love :(
typing out reports. i hate having to be a part of another dispatchers write-up. :-(
has put his back out :( Not badly but enough to be inconvenient and painful.
ugh .. feeling ill.  luckily kept it just about away this weekend.  hopefully gone before travelling .. long trip to Miami with the flu :-(
@TomvB nice of you to say hello in steam chat, you bastard :(
is loving the sunny weather &amp; dreading dentist appointment at 4.00 :-(
Staring down the barrel of working a full week :(
@JoHart @philhart Hiccups still here. Was drinking winbe too fast  :(
wishes my head would turn off so I could sleep... :-( http://plurk.com/p/p52sc
@abcoutts  i cant work it out , i confused :(
@Frumph I'd hug you, too!  Poor Frumph.....  :(
Awesome, got migraine! Jippie!! :( :( :(
Just back from the doctor. Very bad kidney infection so on bed rest for today and tomorrow. :(
@odo_snape_maven owwie! :( the dictation software won't pick up whispering eh? i know Meleney has it but dunno how good sound pickup is.
Good morning! I love this getting tweets on my phone woke up to 46 texts lol. But idk how well im going to do with no computer till fri :(
Its 10.45. I had 2 cup of coffee. Still miss my bed :-(
who owns ya???? fuckin hell i got up waaay too earlier for this :(
week off  = to many emails :-(
Is still ill, a whole night of thumping headache and sore throat, lead to a MASSIVE 3.5 hours sleep! :(
Crap, there's only so much a girl can take. I'm afraid the sun will set on us my darling :(
@whatdoisell Hi Lisa, I can't log in to WDIS :( submitted a support ticket. waiting for reply. Hope to get back in soon
yaay, my 100th UD. :D Sadly, it's about school. Leaving for school in 15 minutes. :/ i don't wanna go. :(
Stop blogging until further notice due to wrist injury :(
My rediscoverings will haunt me. :(
Have installed msysGit and TortoiseGIT (64bit edition). every Git option yields &quot;Msys Git Install Path Error&quot; :( no path is accepted.
is feeling very unwell and is developing a nasty flu :(
tierd :( whats pt swagger mean.. i love the sound of it
I am back in Southampton, and quite sunny, but not as sunny as Essex was yesters!! :( But i am in a positive mood unlike my friends!!
i found my pen.. now i can do my health homework :( this ad is soo good, the kids are moving their eyebrows to the music :O its cadbury
Having to fight with Group Policy changing my Internet Explorer Settings - the fun of IT not understanding the needs of Developers :(
is attempting to do her plan of procedure but has been sidetracked. Stupid cold, headache and other achy parts :(
@dedbim aww im so sorry :'( my thoughts are with ya baby sis :(
being sick. a sore throat and a headache :(
Is sitting in the sun working on his DISS! Going to be another all nighter :(
misses when he was bff with tegan! :(
Not another Monday :(
Having some darn fine cookies during the Twin Peaks marathon - http://www.twitpic.com/3ne78 And yes, I was one to get picked on at school :(
Agh my stomach hurts :(
Gym/swim combo went surprisingly well today. Feeling energised &amp; alive. Certainly don't fancy sitting indoors working, but I must :(
need cuddling now :-(
Egads, this train carriage smells like oranges, moisturizer and death. :-(
writing a paper...I cant focus :(
@SteveFalatko Aha yes a tenuous peg indeed. But it kind of works. Unless the producers take it out :-( Prepared to argue for it though!
ugh why does everything have to remind me of &quot;him&quot;?? :(
@MussoMitchel Hi Mitchel!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE respond to me!! I'm dying! :(
RT @dogstrust: If I had the space / time, I'd take this boy myself. What a beautiful dog: http://qurl.com/gsc76 &lt;-- me too :-(
we need help to prepare Ubuntu 9.04 release notes, tours and upgrdes howto in persian for wiki.ubuntu.ir but no one cares! :(
@docky arrrgh, I wish I could make gaaaaaames. Teach me Dock. Teaaaccchh meeee. I want to get MF2 but can't afford too atm. :(
@nicholasbraun atleast you get to sleep all day.. i have school :(
@ikki_oo Ha, well I'm leaving my home in sunny France to fly to England, which is not so sunny. So sadly not :(
@laura_barnard :( don't listen to thought of the day - you might catch religion. that's how they get you, when you're vulnerable. what ails?
Rain...always raining.......this town seems Blade Runner movie...... :-(
There's 5batteries retest tomorrow and my leg is not healing :(
Up super early for no reason at all :(
@andrerib Oh, today it is not possible for me :( Family matters, but i will try to attend next !
@JakeTAustin lucky you, while i was getting up around 6:30am you had Spring Break!! :( ...when does school end for you??
my eyes are swelled again... :(
@ZAGrrl Wow! Thank you! Glad to hear that. Isn't it 6am on Chicago? woke up early! It's 8pm here in Korea and I'm still in the office.. :(
@jacobyononsen ?????? ?? ???????? &quot;Error: Unable to find site's URL to redirect to.&quot; :(
is hoping and praying that some how the school burnt down to a pile of ashes and I don't have to go. :( its not going to happen ayee.
is looking at the lovely sunshine outside :-(
Rainy monday...perfect day to stay in bed...too bad I got to go to work. :(
Back to work today after a week off, and it's a baptism of fire. What a morning... :(
not so nice weather out :(
Hmm , .. the singing practise was canceled today :( . But i got home earlier ! :D . Also , gonna get a bad bad grade on the math test..:/
:( spring break is over not sur who's more disappointed me or da kid.  *Buffie*
first morning in 2 weeks that I have woke up sick. I thought I was over the hump, but I guess not :(
just found the most gorgeous pair of vintage dior sunglasses... they are £125 though :(
Getting off to work, again, :-(
I am a work martyr. Give me chocolate, coffee and sympathy. And now my cat's decided she's dying :-(
First #Tweetie bug for me... cant add another account get an authentication error :(
Hopefully Ra will convince Nut to make it stop raining.  My backyard is a mud pit and I have to park in a lake :(
@SkinnyMonkie I Love LOVE Sushi. Michael won't eat it :( He usually gets some noodle dish. We go to ths great place in Cambridge. YUM!
@raihanamcfly wow. airport!! are u going overseas? lol. rmbr, u got sch tmr! hehe. i still havent visited changi terminal 3 :( cya later! ;D
Some people update way too much around 3am :(
@NicoleJensen Oh sorry dude. I got all excited and stuff. We can move it if you like? Really sorry I wasn't sure of the protocol. :(
i feel like i didn't sleep a wink last night. oh, and i missed the mighty boosh! :(
My revision would be going so much better, if id learnt the stuff in the first place :-(
I think it's time for bed. Back to study tomorrow, holidays are over for this layabout :(
Trying out twhirl. Took a bit of fiddling to get Air and it running under 64 bit Ubuntu. Shows boxes for Thai letters :(
I've just changed my username.... Dunnydawg hahahahahaha :D... im no longer going swimmming :( grrrr
my doggie's not eating :( this has never happened in the history of this dog's life...
@sidSicklePowers i still haven't eaten :( have you?
@R_U_S_H_ Hahhaay I am so sorry Rush IT guys invited meeeeeeeee! :(
is not looking forward to working today :-(
RT farr out, dads being sooo gay :( http://tinyurl.com/db3cbb
WANTS TO GO OUT BADLY :(
working - back at the office :( ..im ready for hawaii
haha lol actually i gotta go down the village 2 buy a prezzie 4 liz!! lol nd i also gotta clean me rabbit out!! god we got skl 2moz!! :-(
@Wabeywoo Looking forward to the big week of awesome too!  Work is so quiet at the moment, the next two weeks are going to draaaag :(
is enjoying her morning, although I had NO sleep :(
Good Morning all... very wet and rainy day here in Southern Ontario :( http://bitly.com/5Gheh
watching &quot;family guy&quot; .. want 2 sleep :(
wants to stop sneezing!!! It's making my nose hurt :(
Oracle now owns MySQL? :-(
I could not be more tired :-(
Office time.!! :(
@beatccr I can't wait to read that one...still waiting on my copy :(
I wanna put their song on here but I cant! :( Scary 80's rock music! My uncles old band!
@isateresa - join the sick bay club :(
Just  bought cookies from Greggs.  Dry and tough. Don't know if I can take them back as I've got no receipt. I love them so. :(
Everytime my busdriver stops or slows down water comes through the window and is soaking me :(
Stuck inside...poorly little people :(
headaaaaaaaaaaaaaache :( :( :( and cough :( tea &amp; toast? maybe...
Just a heads up. Site's being wonky, so will like probably post late today. Flippin technical issues. :(
staying home with two sick kids :(
@BinaryTweedDeej oh, welcome to my world. I've been fighting this problem for over a week now. It's not 100% fixed yet either :(
4:32am (damn only 17mins left!) sigh* I miss u too.. :-(
@AussieMcflyFan join the club!! my friends dont even know them :( and they arent even gonna try to. haha. well; us McFly lovers are speacial
at school wish i wasnt dont wana see mr. g still have a pain in my stomach i dont want them to leave :( sam's my bff and i love kyle &lt;3 :(
its raining outside :(
Saturday’s Graze box finally arrived today. The grapes were mouldy after 3 days in GPO :( I’m considering cancelling my account altogether.
@cloudo3 im just going to lie in bed all day tommorrow by the looks of things! oh and daylight savings sucks when you have 6pm classes. :(
Surprisingly, I miss school! :(
whoopss.. i feel asleep on my baby. :( .. soww.. ugh.. back to skool
Just been for a walk in the gorgeous sunshine... it's far too nice to be at work today :-( #fb
at work and dont feel good :-(
I'm AGAIN listening to Confessions of a Broken Heart.  Getting ready to go to school soon... :-( :-(  I'll mis my computer.
@WahooPooh :-( in the middle of it now.@salspizza taking too long to get here so had to make a start!don't worry I won't do more than needed
On my way to work waiting for the train :( I am extremely late
Tweet!: 10:33 God, I feel like hell this morning. 10:35 @ SerenitySprings Aww, that blows. A lot. :( 10:37 Also,.. http://tinyurl.com/dnzpug
There's a dent in my blackberry. I dropped it out of my lap onto tile. :(
Forced to listen to Lasse Berghagen http://is.gd/trev :( due to the build of Chalmers cortege on the parking grounds next to work.
17hours til i hve to wke up 4 skwl i think i mite cry :'(! OMG i gt a reply frm my sister hvent sn he since february :(
@katielips are any tech tours coming back on Friday after the conference as I'm not able to stay :-(
woop, one topic covered and done, sadly it was the most exciting one, nutrition next :(
who knew! california is an entire country! haha. missing my lovebug so much :(
unfortuanlty has no time off accrued so off to work he has to go   :(
@ghostbusterz I've recovered quite a bit after some rest and sleep. Hopefully, it won't happen again. :(
@shawnflanagan k. i gotta run to moa after kd gets off work. then i'll check WM and see if i can find any for myself first. ughghh. :(
I don't like mondays. I didn't find it by Bob Geldof :( ? http://blip.fm/~4mq6u
Headed to work :(
Wow, I am so sick. How did this happen? No voice, headache and dutty congestion. Blemmm :(
Working on the water text tutorial... will publish it in a few hours :(
@carpexnoctem13 I wasn't paying full attention.... :(
Back from school.I'm exhausted :(  P.s photos added of Ashley out in Malibu  http://tinyurl.com/d73s73
even though i'm awake a good hour &amp; a half before class, i'll be late. looong day today. :(
Gorgeous sunny day, stuck inside working :(
:-( i told my dad I love him this morning and he just said bye.
Hey y'all!!  Waiting for school to start.  1.5 pages of my rough draft done.  3.5 to go  :(  Harder than I expected...
@VioletsCRUK Yeah, off Aberdeen, on the Miller platform, the one the chopper left before it went down thew other day :(
@mieows seems youve been detected... :(
Is missing k-state! :(
I hate percussion methods. :( The teacher is an asshole.
I hate rain because I can't wear flip-flops :( (well I could, but then my feet would be cold and wet... bleh!)
:( I feel alone right now. although I have the love of my life, im lonely. :( internal emotionz...u wouldn't understand. 8:52am
:S geen How I Met Your Mother vandaag :(
I miss my tweetdeck! :(  I am so living this HEAT! LOL...A new day &amp; getting ready for the Lauglin River Run! www.kool2wear.com
wish the Blues would have won last night...  :(
There goes having the whole row to myself. Four hours with a whiny baby shall commence soon. :(
@kellidickinson if you don't figure out how to use your phone soon, we wont be able to twitter it up tomorrow... :(
dammit I cant go :(
@marco_cali what did i ever do to hamtunes? :(
I need a hug :(
UGH. I need to buy a bag.  I have too much stuff to carry now. :( I hate this. I loved the freedom.
Stuck in traffic on 96 :( Stupid construction! Shit. I'm gonna be late for work. :(
Im 24 Today!! :-) and its raining :-(
im thinking i might be selling my two technics sl-1210mk5s and my Rane ttm 54i.  :-(
@GSUCheer yea im KiNDA dreading that thing called reality &amp; school too :( miss you ma'am!!!
Hmm now why would @eBooze start following me, is that a sign that I drink too much :(
@melissajeskie why are you angry? :(
Cause unknown in death of 21 polo ponies in Wellington.  :-( http://tinyurl.com/da6y8n
'Oh get me home Ford!' :-(
@HollywoodHansM Happy 420!!! Unfortunately I'm @ werk so I can't :-( but as soon as I get off I'm gettin hiiiiigh lolllz smoke 1 4 me
is having a very rainy day :(
@aw3punx awwwwwww poor grant :( looks cool tho!!
played pokemon all weekend and ignored twitter. totally got all my gym badges. now i'm at work stuck doing contrax stuff... booooo flash :(
asked Afrigator 15 min ago to send me my password as I have forgotten, No Mail Yet :( Help!
Studying for my law exam :( rough
@Peacetran hiya anh Pit. aww :( [waves bye to anh Pit's motorcycle]
Hit up a few spots this weekend :-( Nothing eventful. Back at work.
hates revision :(
@khensu83 I always feel like that too :( have an amazing day though xx
test run - pretty sure I won't be running the Vancouver Marathon :-( but watching the Boston marathon on Universal Sports :)
@LLBeanPR I have; love the Madras jacket although the skirt is not in W sizes :-(
Too bad the weather is going to be AMAZING this week. I will be stuck inside doing papers! :(
Grandma is out of surgery, hoping she gets better.... we get so fragile as we grow older.. :(
aahhh i can just tell this day is gonna draaaaggggg oooonnnnn.... :(
ok i know myspace is effin gay. but please dont crash my browser EVERYTIME i want to hear some music! FAIL :(
@gypsytrading oh no :(
Not feeling too great. :(
@swiftor it was nice playing some games of fat princess and littlebigplanet with you yesterday, i always feel left out when you play 360 :(
Got a papercut on my knuckle :( I should be sent home early for the trauma.
@isacullen I'm walking home... I'm in pain not used to working this much normally only 6a wk hours done 36 this week :(
@cmdtv very cool! Can't wait to meet u. @camron_ware &amp; I r leading some breakouts as well on Wednesday but I'll have to leave Thursday. :(
@DDRoxxx so I guess unlike me, you are actually following the diet? :( I suck.
Gah. My testing centre have gone out of business so now I've had to reschedule my exam. Wasted study leave :(
I sooo cannot afford to get an iPhone :(
@rodwellian I had to unsubscribe! SPAM CENTRAL! Maybe I'm just not the target market :(
Going to bed too late again. Back to school tomorrow for Rhiannon. :(
Looked @ shoes during lunch :( my next wages are spoken for; damn you neccessary electricity bill - Car Boot In May = Pretty Things? :p yes!
@the_nexus It's a 2.5 year old PC, so yeah, I am due for a replacement. I wish I could afford a mac :(
today is most certainly 'one of those days'. . . someone is bound to get cussed out &amp;&amp; it won't even be purposely. blahhh : (
i hate revising. i want to go sit in regents and get some sunnnn :(
Sicky :( and working. Grr must study :/
@icecoldbath meh, 7AM can go fuck itself with a sandpaper dildo...I wanna go back to sleep :(
@EMMAKATE76 Not very well, to be honest. :(
bored at work :(
@ahmier my powers are on the fritz. sorry. :-(
uuuhh cut my leg now i cant perform for cheer super dissapointed :(
@Traceyspacey Indeed they do. Although if we have any more injuries they'll be facing our tea lady at left back in the CL semis :(
At work til 5 - thinking it's going to be an unproductive day. As beautiful as it was this weekend is as nasty and ugly it is today :(
is having a nasty cold :-(
wishes freaking registration worked :(
leaving at 4am :(
@willsmith727 I think the trick is just not to use CSS -period! Emails seem to have a love affair with tables unfortunately :(
VMWare, thy Perl API makes me sad :(
I think it's going to rain all day. :(
Great week..took those 4 days off after Easter and recharged. Now back at work :( hard first day back. ok .. to bed.
boohooooo.. i have a test 2moro..got to read biology. idk anything about birds :D .. so.gotta.go.now. bye. :( &lt;3
Mr @Mattjarryastley has gone now :( but on the plus side just got an email back from phil! Thank god!
@CaptainChrismo Hi cappy bye cappy, Sorry ya have to go to work.  :(
is already feeling the stress of this week :(
@Josie_McFly oooh :( i am sure they'll play it again soon... best rock fm rocks! :DDD lies lies lieeeeeees *__*
Back from manual labour, yes you read correctly. Back to emails and video-chatting with @benschauland however, my cam doesn't work. :(
What was I thinking this morning... laarzen, zwart wollen jurkje?! Warm dat ik het heb! :-(
isn't feeling to good at all :(
Where's the sun today in Charleston? Day off and no sun! :(
i hop i get some thing :(
mmm. my favorite part of the morning; traffic!  :(
@sufcboy Got one too mate, stupid colds :(
ummm..im soo confused!!!! i dnt kno wat i want or who i want!!!!! : (
i hate my mom when her being like a crazy angry child :(
sitting at home ill :(
Freezing my arse off waiting for this BoltBus...  I see the DC bus, the Mega Bus, but no Bolt :-(
So tire! Don't want to start my day this early! :(
My nose hurts :(
@pixiequeen10thk Nice pic hon.  Kinda overcast here so the flowers aren't blooming much :(
gee, i miss watching selena and demi on youtube :( =)) imma watch again! I JUST LOVE `EM \:D/ lol =)))))))))))))))))
@rustyrockets will you be showing me some love you sexy swine, feeling abit lonely :( go on you know you wanna ; ) x
ughhh, i hate using hate office computerrrrr . i wish my laptop never got messed up :(
@richstyles :-( Clean Me!
@Doovde that makes me feel soooo sick. :(
i love BONES...i hate the heat :( should i paint my nails?! hmm....
working on my biochem seminar presentation :(
would really love to go on holiday.but its not gonna happen :(
starting to have a mild sorethroat. hope it's not an indication of worse to come. :(
@purplepups do you have winzip installed on your computer? i'd re up it for you, but my download limit is just about reached :(
@ddlovato I know right. I think I'm okay. But most of people think I'm fat :( but I'm like 46KG and i'm 15. I just don't understand it.
Omfg. Desperate housewives was sooo sad. I never realized how much edie was a part of the show. Now she's gone!! :(
@officialtila the video doesn't work for iPod apparently :(
On my way to school...still feel unwanted :(
My right arrow key is dying :(
i miss jelly bread... :-( makes me smile!
gunna have a crapy birthday this year cause my bf is in Korea :(
@Binit copuldn't get house link on site u told me :(
@Senorita_Emz Global warming :( you need some chilli adobo! asap!
has the perfect weather, but no michael to share it with  :-( http://plurk.com/p/pas5d
Going to they gym for my morning interval train before work but I stuck in traffic :(
Congratulations to Paul who pipped me to the post for Manager of Penketh... :-(
@Matthew_Day Yeah...at work :(
she says her dad wants to buy a place her, getting ideas etc. Hope he doesnt want to live here... :(
@hokulii why mitts? you not feeling too good :(
@musicislove10 okay, so i'm like 4 days late, lol. i should just give you my cell # so you can text me instead. me &amp; internet don't match :(
Grrrr..... I cnt sleep! :-( -Time is of essence-
Trying to get started with some bad latte macchiato.... und Brötchen runtergefallen... :(
@allanlake I saw hagrids hut in the woods near pinewood once - no-one believed me and i didn't have a camera phone at the time :-(
is doing as much of her social psych homework as she can....cuz she has a test on it thursday, as well as a midterm paper for history :( BOO
is finding it difficult to get my writing swagger back :(
Must crawl into bed now. 4/20 fully celebrated all weekend with tunes and good friends. How ya gonna clap?!? Missing Jazz Fest :( next year!
everybody go get accounts on LastFM and add me (Suspect108), I'm lonely :(
RT @d33pak Fearing layoff, Infosys techie hangs himself :( http://tinyurl.com/cf4wty *Oh man*
I totally just lied about going on a trip to get out of hanging out with someone. 'Airport' was the only excuse that came to mind. :(
@Liannemosphere we all know someone like this, unfortunately. :( don't waste your time!
Is wondering why twibble doesnt seem to work :-( hmm duncan help!!!!!@iamduncan
i'm tired and i still haven't finished my hwk. sad :(
(@SHUTUP) i have a feeling that this whole week is going to suck :(
I just found everything that I have lost in the past week apart from the thing I'm looking for - my darn trainer :(
Think my pc is possessed. It's typing sdrawkcab :(
I have to have a new e-mail address  :(  At&amp;t is making me... bullies!
@writefast :( no lol I got over my fears but I still can't swim :(
Or maybe not cuz we just left alone. :( Lol. :p
I FUCKING HATE EDUCATION :( I dont wanna go back to that place.
someone tell me what to do? I'm all out of answers :(
Still disappointed about the movie &quot;Männersache&quot; - watched it yesterday :(
Wii Fit update BMI =0.04 : (  Ump! Lovely day, off to get ready for work. I've got a strange thing on my foot, doctor says to wait &amp; see.
I'll die with the amount of homework I still have to do. It's so difficult not to procrastinate! :(
Ah yah! I missed out on the beach today, and I got a speeding ticket!! :( no bueno!
@ajstillings ahh i think thats what i'm getting :( been really dizzy, headache, stomach ache all day today.
i got lemon juice on my eye :(
@mikeschondek all for systems I don't have :(
Man today is going sooooo slowly today :(
@mrhemeyer because you were waiting for me sorry :-(
my feet hurt :(
@LimeIce *for a change*, i wasn't utilizing those options.. :(
@GarrendennyLane I don't think ours is that posh, just a tent really! I was on their website yesterday and read that they don't :(
My body is hurting and it's keeping mefrom sleeping :(
@jenn926tx cept that sat I have to be back by 7 to pick up ryanne, so i will be on the road during the game :( at least it will entertain me
says please don't try and call me on my mobile today as I've managed to seal it in another room while the decorator is here! clever me! :(
Just got home...only to leave again tomorrow!! :(
I just remembered what happened to me last night. I was once again attacked by my stupid allergies! I hate it SO MUCH! SO SO MUCH :(
Making garlic scalloped potatoes, too bad I don't have any decent meat to go with it. Sausages again :(
Fuming that we have rolling mist and fog &amp; its cold. No working outside in the garden for me at the mo :-( Come on sun, stop hiding!
grr...i should have stayed up last night and waited for davidmovie to let me watch the rest of The.Reader...because now it's removed :(
Another sunny day here in Holland, need to go to school soon :(
Didn't like waking up on my own this morning :( my bed feels empty without him there :(
Doesnt want to go to work :(
Damn it!  I want to go to Lollapalooza, but it is in Chi Town :(  Grr  Has an AWESOME lineup with DM, Tool &amp; Beastie Boys just to name some.
Back from Bangalore, Missed dancing with a handsome wonderfully smiling foreigner  :(
up late,  can't sleep :(
My poor Lilli, she's still feeling yukky, they're keeping her overnight to monitor her and see if they can figure out the fever issue. :(
[mplstweets] Sad I won't be @citcon Minneapolis at the end of the week :-( on the other hand, there .. http://tinyurl.com/c6ywqg
sport today, ran 3 k after school, and now going for a walk ! ugh too much excercise :(
just missed the bus :(
Stupid bus timetable, its so confusing :(
I think I have broken my toe :-(
Aw man nightshift sucks!! Im soooo tired! :( Time 4 a snooze!
@braque there was actually a option for timeline search - now lost like many &quot;lab&quot; features from the past :(
This will have to do, I lost the password to the version without the _ :(
@ emergency animal hospital.. Reggie got bit by a scorpian :(
Noooo! The Chillifish beer fridge is out of milk. :( Black tea sucks.
im so mad im not sound asleep right now :(
@Jeffrey_F_Baby I wanna be high :(
I do not want to get up at 5:30am for stupid work tomorrow :(
That juice was so delish, but now i feel even more sick :(
roof is getting replaced and my whole room is covered in dirt and dust :(
@ExMi misery loves company... glad to see i'm not the only bad news bear today. :-(
@Cloizzle Boom Boom! Lol. My favourite was character was Voice Over Man, he was funny. Damn! I miss that show .... :(
Wishing I was at th Supernatural Convntion :-(
The Stills not coming to Shanghai anymore :(
@pixelmehawaii Dang, if Ward was still open I might have had a chance at the free ice cream! Windward is far, far away. :( Menchies?
i didn't go to school today, i felt sick :(   it was the first day back haha i didn't get homework yay!
@Sunflaaash Send it! In a spanish lesson... :-( Xx
Trod on my new phone last night and cracked the screen. Vendor says warranty doesn't cover damage. Dammit wtf is the warranty good for?!? :(
just got home from up town... feelen pretty sick right now :(
@jamesnaylor :-( I was standing by Nat West - bit chilly though being here for an hour, so got coat on so a bit incognito
Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry! :(
want to lie in the garden all day now and read my 'persia in peckham' ( @persianpeckham) book but i've got meetings to go to :(
Rush hour traffic was ridiculous this morning :( I am full of hell before I even start work grrrrrrr
is sick of virgin media, it's been almost a month his land line is out of service :(
@johnnyminkley @m_spitz Just coined a new phrase for people like you: people with twitterrhea. Oh, I just looked and it already exists :(
@CarLkhaL149 oh, tgh tunggu supervisor dtg check system... :(
At times like this I wonder why can I not live in the US? :-(
So bored. I have slept from 7.30 last night to 8.45 this morning. im so lazy!  :(
Feeling less grumpy today. Hayfever still fairly prevalent. At least it is 'cake Tuesday' at work... Tescos after work tonight :(
@mChat2k6 yep, just spent my whole time venting to someone. Didn't get much accomplished :(
Morning all, just opened my email and my day has been spoilt :-(
Right now, I wish I could run away from my home :(
I just wanted to say...some people really freaking SUCK! Apparently not even &quot;friends&quot; are above stabbing u in the back. :-( so depressing.
woke up. listening to the radio... and I feel sick... I'm gonna spend the day in bed :(
@kristy_92 agreed! i dont get it. :(
sticky heat is not conducive to sleep :(
@sleepwhenimdead laying in bed channel watching adult swim. about to call it a night, i gotta be up at 8 :(
@JohnPrescott But really. Seriously. LW used to be a great show, but it's just rubbish now :(
So tired. Trying to fall asleep with a terrible sinking feeling. :(
Turning into a busy day!! Client has a router problem :-( Friend wants photos and video doing of their property :-)
its difficult to get through the day when you haven't got a friend to help you through it. i miss francine. :( sigh.
I need a BIG hug tonight :(
@bexiclepop It obviously didn't like the fact that I was doing it on purpose. :(
Yay preliminary analysis is done - presentation outline done.  Wish me luck on my 15 min presentation tomorrow :( .
It's not sunny... :-(
@oliverg true. the explanation @ http://redir.ec/tYlZ is good, but, honestly, #amazee &amp; #amazon DO sound fam. kinda like asterix &amp; obelix :(
@mcflyharry @tommcfly @dannymcfly @dougiemcfly   GUYS!! :( no updates???..miss u all!! :(...xx
back to school :D  staying of today to do coursework :( ROME RESULTS TOMORROW!! AHHHHH!
@Willeth It's not on Spotify :-(
@astrid35 :-( Clean Me!
@Mzcertified :-( Clean Me!
@SchofieldFan Oh no, don't get ill again hun :(
I bought an iPhone 3g off eBay like 2weeks ago, still hasn't come :(
@stevecla damn, makes me want even more now :(
@djurban01 that y I'm kinda ify on getting one :( I miss the button being there
@keija boo :-(  email me yr schedule?  we really ought to sit down and like rescue our aging plot kitten from the Pit of Idiocy LOL!
wondering y i hvn't won the lotto yet...oh wait...nd 2 buy 2 win. :(
@EmeraldDiscount That's fine. Not sure about forecast though :(
Missing my baby Dimitri... :-(
@kat_tree_nah http://tinyurl.com/dxkgeu watch it! some of the comments are being so mean to him :(
Another beautiful day and I am stuck inside until atleast 3pm with all this work :(
I am in a situation to write internals, but will have to write DMW :(
Been procrastinating way too much this morning. Finally sitting down to some work. boring day to day. All report work. Nothing fun to do :(
wants to purchase Folie a Deux :( also wants to earn own money by commission and/or customizing stuffies :[
last bit of blitzing! then the parentals will be here.... and then... dundundun! uni work :(
Home from Franklin street, I almost jumped over a fire. Someone kicked it before I could. :( Jenny lost her shoe.
@bridkeogh nope, out bid in the last 9 seconds :(
looks like im not going to be watching one of my fav shows . thanks alot bro. :(
@fresa80 I will... if I recognize you. People look so diff in person than online sometimes. Did u get tix to danny's party? I didn't :(
is sitting in work wishing I was out in the sunshine!!!  :-(
@Crow74 I know. I feel I got shot on the side of my head. Hurts down to my jaw, too. :(
twitter is brokens for my mobile :( i don't know why!
still has a really bad sprained ankle and can hardly walk on it :(
Back to work after my weekend at home...Wish i went to the beach when i was back, weather was stunning. Makes me homesick :(
Cant be bothered going to work this afternoon, :( xxx... BuT IaM sO eXcItEd AbOuT GoInG tO IrElEnD On ThE 7th Of MaY xxx &lt;3
following some twitter accounts that report on earthquakes. situation in Abruzzo, Italy, is not good.180 dead. photos http://ow.ly/2fRj :-(
urghhh why do ppl use the term &quot;gay&quot; as an insult? im not gay but if i was i think its so mean :(
@beccyboo94 awww :( i got my glorious guy hoodies i wanna wear, so comfyyy and warm
ahh all nighter!! crazy, no sleep :( dead tired!! ugh, time to slowly get ready for school . blah! 5 45!!!! :/
Nobody follows me on twitter : (
why is my twitter account being so quiet?  does it not like me anymore?? :(
Now I am quite sure that I had fever last night.. and still have it :(
My phones just broke :( if anyone could send me Chris' mobile number that'd be brill.
2 more exams before... more school. :(
slow internet connection reduces productivity :(
one full day of carpal tunnel then leaving 74 braemore forever!!  :( home tomorrow night, @jackibreen what's on the go??
@jonodown Stuck in the office :( Hoping it's still beautiful when I get home
cant understand why someone cannot support my duty calls... :(
@ledisxo feel better soon. I has a headache too :(
Blonde moment just thought the tutor locked me in the class then realized all I had to do was turn the lock thing everyone was laughing :(
Planned to go to PF for body attack tonight - don't know if legs could take it today tho :(
researching HL7 engine, http://is.gd/oVXX  troubleshooting VS vendors &amp; data, MSFT did not make SQLEx2005 SP3 CU3 available :( - no surprise
zzzZZZZzzzz just 1 answer. Ok then I will buy Prada. Thank you all :(
@jamieharrop You a fan of Ross Noble? He once picked on me for a WHOLE performance here! I was the 'Awakeners Girl' according to him :(
@KerryMc_UK yeah, I bet :( I hate hospitals, needles, etc etc, I'm such a wimp! LOL! keep smilin doll X
Don't smoke cigs, kids - bad for you.  Bad. :(
@benjaminvial working unfortunately :-(
RT @acangiano: Richard Petnel, maintainer of Adblock Plus's Easy List, passed away last Friday: http://adblockplus.org/blog/sad-news :(
ddim isho mynd i dentist :( :(
bleh i dont wana work today :( got one day off again... And they say its suppose to possibly get up in the 80s this week or close to it. ICK
@THEREALBANNER ; you need to come to Detroit :(
trying to open my eyes..hopefully the coffee kicks in soon! Another day of rain..run inside? Homework first :(
wow, i'm freaking out! :(
@punchdouble Sup son? I'm not gonna make it thursday :( We'll meet soon, but gotta work that day.
wants to be in love :-(
@Sheamus and the dont do 3D :(
oh no! I reached my posting limit on craigslist :( and rain for the next two days...April sucks! 10 days to may and counting.
got caught in the nasty Glasgow rain this morning with no coat :(
ahhh this math assignment it killing me i have been working on its for 5 hours straight and have about 5% done :(
Look what HMV did! http://is.gd/tDyH ...so I sent them an email: http://is.gd/tDyE Hopefully I can get a response out of them. :(
why are all the bloody pictures so hard to upload!! :(
Zork. Buggy beta version :(
@brawngp_fanblog £99.99 for the jacket :-(
Owen's having a rough morning :(
Oh man! I wasted my 300th update. Upsetting. :(
very tired and want to go back to bed instead of going to school! :(
Getting ready for school. Headache. :(
ate all the fruit tingles. :(
At Dove Lewis animal hospital. Celeste is puking up blood. : ( Physical was okay, now on to xrays.
@MissNixs Lol. Sounds like your search was unsuccessful :-(
So I was checking to see if my susan Boyle tribute made it to YouTube and instead I got stuck on http://jaynerio.mybrute.com. I lost all. :(
I hate twitter typing limits. :(
Last day of the easter holidays. :(  Next year I should consider hibernation.
is stressed about monies :(
@guy_routte ROFL... eye h8 ewe!!!!! i like them :( theyre all young &amp; tiny &amp; cute &amp; country &amp; finna get into trouble LMAO
@zanidia NIDI! Sorry i left you on the messenger :(
Hooray for Ellie's wedding, but its the season finale. My monday nights just got a bit more dull. : (
New broadband gear arrived today. Stabbed my hand opening the box and it hasn't stopped bleeding yet :(
@Stacy_WG I don't ever want to get old I LOVE my sleep couldn't be up all night...  :(
I'm so bummed I can't go to LA this weekend :-(
@tyrelassie Oh not nice :-( I went to bed at midnight (early for me) and was still awake at 5.30am. Bah!
what is it with me? NZ holiday was supposed to make me feel refreshed! all i wanna do is go back :(
@Pipley :-( A little vitamin D mightdo the trick? Try and sit outside for lunch, that might help. Or a piece of chocolate!
@Mzcertified :-( hungry!
is off to work. Three more days :(
i got a heavy headache :(
peasant now p'd off with #crapvodafonedongle at #ItsGrimUpNorth :(
boring at work... :(
just back from asda with my sons girlfriend. going to see dad in hospital later :(
@LucasLuver11 AGH! That's why your never on. :( Why do people have to be late on reading twilight? All of La Crosse has already read 'em all
@karennz I may have to wait another 2/3 hours :( *twitches*
Listening to music, very bored! :(
wonders why her yoga booking has disappeared :(
says Busted songs make me wanna pick up the guitar again. Boo to broken strings. :( http://plurk.com/p/n15j4
can't help it. Leaving the door open=cool cool air. :( stupid bugs stay away!
feeling like absolute crap today :( my throat hurts SO bad.
@xevrgrx i feel rough as hell too :( i think I have the lurgy :/
@KishoreK this is strange, illegal torrents avlbl everywhere, legal DVD not in stock :( What do I do now???
@amyprutch hmmm.. Cheese is good but it sucks that IGA here charge $20 a lb. for very ordinary English Cheshire. :-(
Ugh :( so bad
@lopsidedgrin how quickly are you going to beat me this time? :(
@BlytheRedgrave I hope you feel better. I just got over being sick myself - it sucks. :(
Thinks we scared Billy away :-(
@gerardway Badly, to be honest. A good friend and one of your biggest fans passed away Sunday morning. :(
no luck :(  Will have to keep looking.  Everything seems to be either for 18 yo's or old frumps ... lol
is working.  Lee is making me.  Boooo.  :(  Big mean Daddy is being harrassed by cute sweet boy.  Send blue things to distract him.
@lkenner Awwww, wish you could have been here for this. :(
is thinking how short are the Easter Holidays even before starting :-(
suppose to be doing hw ..... ii amm ii ammmm :(
my back hurts like crazy, im wishing there was an amazing massage therapist :(
@LadyHAHA so lucky s you...I don't stop twittering her and she won't answer :( one day....
i don't like that chicago stole you. @cleasing have fun but come home. :(
I'm tired and not feeling well. Try outs in a few hours :( text me.
@dmoneeey I FEEL YA WITH THE JACKSONVILLE COMMENT :(  oh and i was just going to babysit but they should have cancelled earlier! so rude.lol
@bradiewebbstack aww wish u talked to mee...might get upset now :(
My stomach hurts :(
mum in bad mood and I'm copping it :( grr
bored on a friday night..it sucks. :( i wanna go somewhere even though its like 10:30. lol. MGM Dance Team amazin! i miss SHMEB!ST.
not my best day   :(
missing halo :(
@sontortillas Why do you feel like shit? :(
My mom just called to tell me our dog had to be put to sleep...sad day :(
So much going on =/ my friends at school got in a fight and are not friends anymore and i barely see one of my friends anymore :(
@ben_stiller sea monkeys r brine shrimp nd live for round 3 days, if ur lucky enuf 2 hatch them- my 7 yr old was terribly dissapointed :-(
Speaking of @neilhimself, have been pulling every string at my disposal to try and get a ticket to see him at Luminato Jun 8. No luck :(
R.I.P.  Evelyn! The last of the original Chicago Sicilians : (
Wait...what? Where did that 6 hour nap come from?!? I think my night is shot :(
off to bed.  got to drive to dallas tomorrow  :(
Off to accompany the bf for a short lunch before he heads to work. Then, it's housekeeping sesh for me :(
i suffered from writers block the entire day yesterday and then after midnight ideas started hitting me and i havnt yet been to sleep :( :O
both of my phones...SMART and GLOBE has no load....bec. of im so busy, no time to reload it :( http://plurk.com/p/raygz
@rainbowrocket18 :( Sorry. I kept you company for as long as I could!
Damn its gonna rain ALLLLLL day tomorrow :(
@Malenky i wish you were here!! :(
im sleeping and boring, i dont want to sleep but my eyes are closing :(
You could always just go to: http://m.twitter.com That's what I do. The non-iPhone apps I've found so far all kinda suck. :(
he usually makes me feel better when im sick to bad hes not here :(
exam time :-(
I had a funny as heck tweet not go through...that sucks :(
@jmcesteves :-( I need something to help me transcribe several hours of interview during Summer time
i miss my 360 more and more as the days go on. Damn the Show for the ps2 :(
@chainsawchelsea :( i didnt; know this  d bag had your sets! i wanted new chelsea to dream of :(
nite twitts, goin 2 bed, got class 2morow :-(
Cardiff Cougars defeated again :( Dylan scored a try tho so the rugby league career dream is undented
@iammandurr why are you not friends? :(
Omg it's raining hella hard. Wtf :(
i'm scared to go in my bathroom. all the light bulbs are burnt out :(
Just hit a possum :(
@grahamsz glad you're ok, grahams and sarahs!  That still sucks though.  :(
Uhhhh......I have no idea what I'm doing. I miss Facebook already. :(
@gdmcrpunk cuz sleep is boring :( nothing interesting happens lol
It is 5:14 in the morning and I can't sleep :(
sharpies always give me headaches. :(
@aprilfdlwi awww that sucks :( damnthose flood waters
Best movie ever! Oh and my brother thinks its the end of the world and wants to sacrafice me :(
@KaiBP i kno :-( i miss everyone...
i moree to go and i'm done with undergrad :(
Going to bed I wanna stay up for craig ferguson but I gotta work at 8 in the morning. sucky day : (
@cierraeve i dont know whats going on :(
is wishing she wasnt leaving so everything could work out with youuuuu, maybeeeee another time another place :(
Thea Vidal is hosting the Watching AVN Awards.. she is killing me.. me no like-ah :(
@leawoodward Quite possibly - though with the cat, its more of a slang phrase to describe his defiant behavior :(  http://bit.ly/189FQI
Damn....no hat! :-( Do ya'll prefer Tod.jAE with or w/o the fitted?
@bekibutton Its very tough isn't it I'm virtually picking people up and shaking them to get every penny out! V stressful :(
Some guy had a heart attack during a movie :-(
I'm SO behind in video games, and everything for that matter. I'm yesterday's news :(
i can't find Spin Spin Sugar by the Sneaker Pimps ANYWHERE! i don't want no remix :(
Taking Oscar to the Vet :( Keep fingers crossed.
@Rubyrose1 oh no! :( hope youre better before tomorrow x
I just found out that Max Headroom wasn't really CG!  Just latex &amp; foam prosthetic makeup and a fiberglass suit. ... Like a Jackelope! :-(
@astrid35 :-( Clean Me!
@Alycya I hope she's ok too : (
@Accessoryamy :-( Clean Me!
@RealHughJackman Snuck out of school and watched X-Men Origins. Nice movie, except, I didn't see toddler Storm like I did in the previews :(
@zeroxomega oh what! i would so love to go if i was twenty one :-(
Wish i had all the seasons of family guy on DVD :( sigh
Wel shucks @dgold just went to howlin wolf &amp; no record of me &amp; my honest tunes victory :(
@amandacolbert Lmao!!!! Auto-dj.. That would b kinda dope lol.. Except it puts me out of a job :-(
just got home. SAT tomorrow :(
Back from MT REM.Devastating news heard! :(
@FashionGuru Going to sleep, disappointed!! :-(
@NinjaSarah probably brooke. I would go with peepz but I doubt anyone wants to go out again.. :(
seems like everyone is tweeting from the club :-(
11:13 damn it.. :(
:( I wish there wasn't any bad in this world....  I don't know how much more I can take before I break.
ew fuck this i thought this was supposed to be an actual guy who kills people in prom night, not ghosts! :( i'm scaaaaared!
just THinking about who i wanna be in life, and what the h e l l im gonna do,,,so many people not beliving in me, i just wanna quit :(
waiting for that $75000 to land in my lap so that I dont have to graduate...ever. excited for summer but totally not ready to grow up :(
RT @AdamSatayer @brypie i wish lol theres like 12 friend requests and the rest is just pure junk :(
listening to &quot;connect the dots&quot; :(
@edgehaedjr No. House power went out, then came on and surged the power cord of it. I need a new one of those, but none seems to have one :(
showers help with the being tired part but i am still kind of grumpy :( cheer me up???
Finally in WA. I wish Iron Man 2 was coming out this summer :(
food poisoning. :(
Am in Vancouver airport now for a stopover before my flight back to Manila.  Back to work by Monday  :-(
Just realized I totally blanked and forgot the First Friday Artwalk at @theabbeysc. :( #fail
@Hatz94 WHAT?!because of David? :( makes me want to cry. who would do that?! you're really strong for not telling him that, he would hate it
Shit load of pizza and pasta and breadsticks!! Oh my heck. FATTY. FATTY. FATTY. :(
i have the biggest crush on mayhem miller :(
cant believe ive woken up this early on my day off :(
Talking to D he is rollin bawlz haha. Brings back memories. :( my heart belongs in the 818.
Is so incredibly sad.   :-( said goodbye to Rena aka Schmeeny
It's over, and yes I cried :(
I really want to watch the You Belong With Me music video, but it's not on youtube. :(
@alissandra hope so!  we need to at least hug goodbye forever at some point!  :(
just saw the new X-men movie, so great! had a good day today, and tomorrow i get to start packing ya go moving! :(
Feeling blah. :( hopefully be better tomorrow, stoked for barcampla.
So apparently ustream decided it doesn't like me anymore. Like watching jimi's ustreams though :(
okay... back from trip and feeling under the weather :(  and of course paranoid since i flew to san diego via phoenox layover
can't find any friends here :(
Party cancelled :( night
@theasiangoddess OUCH! that really looks like it hurts! One of my biggest fears is that happening :(
i was at work for almost 14 hrs today and i still feel like i didnt get enough done... :-(
what happened to all those good shows. Women's Murder club, october road, pushing Daisies :( at least we still have GREYS ANATOMY!
ToI continues to misinform. Morons! HT, DNA scored in election coverage. IBN disappoints too. :(
@Rove1974 no not that i know of :(
I.WANT.A.GUITAR!!!! someone gift me one :(
I miss @NOT_JUNE already :( http://twitpic.com/4e1ag
Took a nap...  Now I'm running late : (
my neck is sunburnt :(
@GrantLCBCR3 i'm very, very jealous of you right now, Grant. i didn't get to see them when they were near me :(
dang niblets!  My nose is sore from all that sneezing and blowing.  And it still ain't over with!  Enough already! :(
I've got that feeling in the pit of my stomach that I get when a relationship is about to go sour...Not fun :-(
what a suck... I cant even watch &quot;You Belong With Me&quot; music video because i dont have computer :(
@Valv30 No DDub. :( He'll probably be here around 3.
@Tomyboombotz It sucked balls, thanks for asking! :(
feeling down today :(
@spasticartist Awe, hahaha. I'm sorry she didn't see the resemblance! :( Boo!
Is in melbourne :( I wanna stay in the country!
@JaylaStarr u don't say hi anymore? :(
Blah! I should be asleep for today's 10 am rehearsal but I don't want too! &gt;.&lt; Hehe I'm not sleepy and I don't want to wake up early! :(
Lying in bed wide awake :( Stupid sunlight waking me up
| It's sooo hot :(
@queenkv - We were thinking about taking the children but, E got sick today and had a fever. :-( Hopefully he is better by Sunday.
no party at my house tomorrow :(
I hate summers wid wapda :(
sometimes being a girl sucks weenus :(
@eisen Why do I deserve this! :(
wants to go to bayarea :(
I'm afraid recommendations is useless for the time being... unable to follow for now. Twitter limit is reached? :-(
Well, I'm off to bed. Where I won't sleep. :(
Bored :( I think i may watch the dark knight.
@platypusduck :(
@Atomos It was pretty funny.   GREAT room - love the old architecture.   I didn't sing :(
@mikegentile Aww :-( well at least the concussion will help you sleep, no?
@ceballosrox Yupp. But only in the States. :(
@iDkelly I dnt wanna tlk about it.lls :( all I kno is ryannss mad @ meee
@shaileelathe Nothing other than finishing off my work for tomorrow :( Don't feel like doing anything other than relaxing, really!
Fuuuck.. Running out of resources :( my boy is getting the ax in the am
#fail :( RT @Pixelation 5)  I accidentally double-booked my time management class.
@katieunderdown Ain't that the truth :(
@kcherryrulez Anderson Cooper does post WAYY too much. I had to stop following him. Breaks my heart. : (
@namenick I hope Amazon bring their ebook range to Stanza but keep Feedbooks. Can't see them keeping it though :(
i think someone is trying to hack into my email :-(
I finished my Spanish outline! Now I have 2 record and create a VIDEO en espanol! Yea- due by Thurs! Now I have 4 papers to write &amp; edit :(
lol getting cold &amp; bored. i wanna play netball again! :(
@eddieizzard No Finland though :(  Really hope to see you in Helsinki one day! Any plans whatsoever?
Note2self: Turn ON lights before entering a dark room... It's dangerous! I walked into my bed post &amp; my wall -_- I bruise easily too! :(
@Wargamer204 Sorry I don't :-( so sad for she has lots to see inside.
so sad about danny gans :(
http://twitpic.com/4e3fj - Loft beds are a hazard for short people :( I fell this morning.
Poor little stelly. I will miss her always :-(
my throat is beginning to hurt, usually the first sign of getting sick. boo :(
@eileenozegbe I KNOW she was being quite wardd...I think it's coz her tooth still hurts :(
Bigtweet isnt all that great... :(
@fawkingdizzles :(
@minibrat Don't rub it in! :(
Off 2 bed... Gotta wake up early :(
@PumpkinPeazy haha.First time i actually though it too :D.But Nowadays they aren't twittering too much :( lol.The reason album recording ^_^
Now Ultrabeat vs Darren Styles - Discolights OMG SO MUCH!!! I'm going to miss the Rave tomorrow all cause of work :-(
@Sephikun Know the feeling, off to work too :(
@Puiko I got very wet just walking to the MRT station :(
I came all the way to Adelaide to watch the footy tonight, but now i'm too sick to actually go :(
Today, i saw 16 police cars. Six of them followed me :(
@mnrmg yeah it's a band, they had a show out here in Atlanta tonight and I went and had so much fun.I went by myself though :(
Getting mad that my iTunes playlist won't freaking save whenever I close it.. this has only been happening as of late.. :(
Argh, FX UK have dropped the Colbert Report :( Hmm, that's about the only thing I watch on a pay channel so I could cancel Sky in protest ;)
@DerrickJWyatt You forgot your sweater.  :(
im bored and i think the ret of the world is asleep :( why did i wake up so early??
Woo! tired... Picnic in Riverside tomorrow... Think she fell asleep on me.. :( Off to kill time i guess..
Kelly Good morning fellow tweets, there is allot of spamers on here. :-( but thats ok, I'll just get rid of them. http://ff.im/1Y9yn
stomach ain't feeling so great right now :(
If you don't like Lady Gaga, then I don't like you! :(
@muscati and I'm at a cement plant for the next 2 hours :-(
@illmagic i wasn't invited to have fun :(
@RealShamu I used to thaw out herring for you at 3:30 AM, and you couldn't even save me a lousy hat? :( (Former Animal Care girl, here. Hi!)
Bad hangover :(
Gardening today (and yesterday) :(
got far too drunk and got up far too early :(
is getting ready to go to bed. I'm tired. I'll be studying all week. Three tests during dead week, and three finals the week after. :(
we've ran out of coffee :(
@tokiohotelru 2010? No way!! is this real? :(
Bore braf! Ddim isio mynd i'r llyfrgell,ond rhaid :( allan am awyr iach nes mlaen!
i just found out that it's Golden Week in Japan. no manga :(
@FashionGuru i cant twin :( im live like @iamdiddy right now LETS GO PEOPLE!! positive energy send me some! lol
@Kelliekk Hmmm...let me check it out. :(  I'm sorry
omg..its jst teusday :(
Loopt fixed the funny database mix-ups... :-( @ South Austin http://loopt.us/whU5Dg.t
@ilubmusic when u update from text, u can only send updates, they're not sent to your fone :( i want an iphone..
Im missing Allison like heck :(
has failed in his quest to get a pair of black nike air yeezys :-(
thinks that losing followers is sad :(
@chillininlondon In N Out Burgers. Man I remember them!!!!! I miss America :(
its funny how people dont want me to come town with them :(
@JonathanRKnight...I saw the show in Columbus, OH on 4/4...tried 2 go 2 cincinnati, OH 6/27, but it was sold out :( U GUY WERE GREAT!!!!!!!!
headn to a wedding. don think iv bin to one since 02! naturally, im late... :(
@jord4ns yeah dude, i have no fucking idea what's happened hahah, yeah tuesday is teh last day :( r.i.p best house evuuur.
Hard to watch the Italian earthquake stuff, so many old buildings gone,hope these aftershocks stop soon :(
is feeling very tired and shit today :(
@tofufighting That sucks :(
Didn't Shanty. Too Tired. Too old :(
@Lorelei_Lovett Yes, but sadly R.S is slowing down or stopped almost every non-curricular activity that I have! :(
Feeling shitty. :(
is on her way to Horsens (DK) for the Enrique Iglesias concert! (I do not have internet access in DK :-( )
trying to get some work done but feeling soooo tired :(
@cheem no wei! she was admiring her face, then her tummy then her nonexistent curves. it was gross :(
@BrydieW I would if I didn't have so much work to do :( Next weekend though, I should be completely free of coursework :]
@Wolfie75 Sounds great! Wish I could go out there and take some photos, but web sites won't write themselves, unfortunately :(
Feeling sick and very sorry for myself :(
Why can't' i shake it, like a milk shake?! :(
Disappointed that my felt hasn't arrived - am going to have to go out and buy some more now :-(
hey everybody im baaaack, who said 'have you been away'  :(
It's 2 In The Morning! &amp; I'm stilll here! @JonathanRKnight didn't come back! :-( Hope he sends me a DM!!!!! Goodknight.
does nooooot wanna do any more homework :( kill me NOWww!
http://twitpic.com/4e6oe - MORE new shoes!Peacocks £20,and got 20% off! But I am returning the dotty p ones, buckle digs into my ankle :(
here at working going through SNMP trap logs....2 more hours and I'm out of here...didn't get to study :-(
i woke up with my dog licking my face :(
@fallenstar_ Yeah it is! Why haven't they put the grey one up? :(
wondering what the hell is gonna happen next???!!! :(
@mayyin what! what's happening? :(
@dastevens - Yikes! Stay in bed and forget the weather. Hope you get to feeling better. :( Poor you!
@chromachris :-( Clean Me!
Exam in an hour.. Still not in mood to study :( God save me
Is feeling yuk! Again. I hate being sick its so non productive. So much to do and  no energy to do it grrrrrrrrrrrrr :(
@NctrnlBst so what u not taking to me now? :( *tears rolling down my face*
Bleah - train running late so will prob miss connection at Gloucester now :(
Phones broke...bad times. Stuck using my brothers old piece of shit :(
@sammyrichards hungover :( you still I'll?
Last interview I went to I failed the technical part :-(
Diets don't help you lose weight - they can make you put on and they're bad for your health :( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/6540493.stm
i have to study today :( , but first i'm gonna shop with my mom
The new amarok-nightly isn't any more stable as last month's :( Looks so awesome otherwise
is trying to do a focus attack on Street Fighter ...its just not working :(
@Kirstyy09xX noo :( Carrie and Tom waved at me though and I think I saw all the parents but didnt meet them! cos i was standig they sat!
brought the lil' girl with me down south!!! What a &quot;ruff&quot; ride! Poor thing :(
My head isn't healing well it feels that way :(
@RoxyLee OMG no WAY!!!!  i had to leave just before Peter :( so bummed  i was looking for you oddly enough! earlier in the day!
@SincerelyBri hope your party was fun... Sorry I couldn't make it :(
Oh no :( rly bad stomach ache.
Last day with nephews today :(
Good Morning All, have tummy ache today, :-(
Where have all my old updates gone?!! :-(
I've now got @ClareAshford black cloud following me :(
@SineadGrainger yup, fill me in later. Yeah, sore tummyy :( I ache too, it think it was all that shaking haha. My feet feel SO weird :|
My rattie is still sick has pneumonia n a tumor :( im really run down n depressed n havin a fibro day.
Finished replying to the 8 comments on Fantasy/Reality part 50. It cheered me up to read those comments after dealing with job rejection :(
@cherrymorello I keep missing my KesDave :(
Morning. Gotta work today. :( at least it's kinds wet and cold today in ' bonnie Scotland'.
I MISS ARON :( waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah.
I'm wearing new glasses now because my beloved ones are totally trashed after 6 years :-( broken in the middle.
tv remote is not working :-(
Does anyone have an idea why garrysmod crashes on my eee pc 901 even though it's said to be compatible? :( I need some good games for school
Everyone's annoying me :(
@MarinaSg I KNOW, MAR!! I saw it in my updates!! :( I don't understand.. are they changing again?
is happy that the internet is up! Though I got to *poof* very quick : (
I keep going in to FreeRealms literally moments before they take the servers down. :(
@lauredhel :-( What happened?
Need to weather-proof the garden furniture. OK, need to find the bottles of weather-proofing we bought last year :( Need to empty garage :((
Is sick...half price sushi from Kumo did not agree with me.  :-(
Just got home from work. ugh long night! I want chicken noodle soup but my cupboards came up with nothing even close. :(
@aimss123 :-( Clean Me!
@anioklin :-( Clean Me!
CBI is Congress Bureau of Investigation. ...Ita a BIG RED QUESTION MARK on the capability of Indian Judiciary System... :(
is slightly annoyed that she still cannot upload a picture to twitter :(
had a wonderful duvet &amp; dvd night! just sad tht it's all over :(
It's not big nor clever.. :( black sambuca = fail :-/
Thinks her boyfriend should not go to football today &amp; leave her all alone :(
@wonderdidi haha.. Didi.. Let me tell u something, I've been skipping my gym for more than a week haha.. Getting fat now : (
FINISHING MY JOB ..... :(
A looooooooooooot of things to do! Can't figure out where to start :-(
@paperbackjack Your comment was great too! Dad always put work before creativity. Important but not as much. Never published like wanted :(
Green day is sold out......?  :(
@veryweirdguy YES! It was a better place :( And Miles was sitting in the corridor of D-Block making a little purple pillow...
My tummy is aching. :(
Great, it just started to rain :(
@WHCRFM backatcha all - sooo sunny in Bev, shame to be indoors at my pc... :(
my trainer calls ... I have to go to sport :(
10% batt. Sorry to anyone that I am talking to when my batt goes flat :(
@DestinyMarselle eehh it's okay :( @shenzy that's exactly where I was thinking holy mind reader
Really sensitive to the smell of cigerettes :(
off to work now ... it too hot again :(
@nissandookeran Twitter app on FB doesn't have mentions :( FB has had SMS for a while, still don't support T-mobile  :(  :(
i hope everyone has a great bank holiday, although i have to work on monday :(
got the letter to say I am not going to SA with ACTSA :(  Anyone want a volunteer for part of the summer??
How's the Brighton festival going? Sorry to be missing bank holiday at home :-(
working on saturday :-(
working on a beautiful saturday :(
Woke up this morning with huge chills and just went and threw up :(
@annikajoker from loops : how can u do this to me? :(
@mordecai your comment on the takeover of the men's loo is getting RT'ed but somewhere along the way, your name was dropped :(
@bok_bok Yeah, i know :( We have to change that.
Too tired for work today, last nite was just crazy...home at 4.30 :(
RT Leinster of course!!! No tickets today though :( @PaulaCoMayo: munster or leinster?.............munster for me! #rugby
@ohthedecadence Alas, posh cake is expensive :(
Forgot about me already. : (
So wish I could afford a mac :(
I cant believe saturday's gonna be over.. I wasted friday and saturday doing no revision shit :-(
Great Weatherr :D .. Bad News :( .. Workin At 5 .. Manager Annoys Me :( .. Badd Times :( .. x
So disappointed about Ferrari..see RedBull is running without the diffuser so far ahead to Ferrari.. :(
@grohs Yikes!! I would want to give the poor creature a kitty burial :(
@AdrianHiggs Drinking loads of beer. People are forcing me, Adrian :(
@HeatherBestel oh so you all tweet from the same computer. family bonding lol :-) Tea, I just can't like any hot drinks :-( ...
@magickmidget yeah except we're the only ones I can find on twitter :( is no one on here!?
@QUICNTEAZ Good morning sweetums!! I missed u yesterday :(
@tommcfly awwwh :') congrates to her (:, and yeaah its weird but its miracles, you wouldnt be here otherwise and then no hero fro us then :(
Soon heading to the hall for my last day at Synod :(
@mzmraz i think i want dave matthews band magic brownies... but am actually feeling asthmatic so still no ice cream today. :-(
On my way to take the SATs :( i know they are supposed to be easy ( or so i hear) but i hate taking these tests
lotsa homework :( just got snw buddies dvd and joas brothers 3d cd!
Grrr.... No working powerrakes. :-( Plan change - today will be about cultivating, fertilizing, and sanding.
Is watching titanic in bed with a sore throat and headache :(
@Joanne84 sorry read you message too late.... Plus you always put down Sheffield :(
@DonnieWahlberg So a Donnie gurl didn't win tix 2 NYC :( I'm lookin 2 go 2 just 1 summer show Tinley Park all my girls R goin! Little help?
@digicmb they really need to work on that :(
food has none :( sad i am. sleep i cannot.
paula doesnt like working on saturdays :-(
belly hurts :(
Chocolate milk. I feel sad that updating this may be pointless at times. :(
@Asfaq ya :( have 2 attend a fly dinner. @polka_ &amp; i jus left frm hme in fact.. Lemme know k? @Shadez is meetin us..
@Steph_Atticus hehehe... daydream silly is watching a movie :( ill have to entertain myself, which im sure im capable of hehehehehehehe xoxo
got to go..... got alot of stuff to do today :(
My mum used 2 tell me that when the ice cream van played the tune it ment there was no ice cream left :-(
off too wrk for a day full of boring..... i hate tht place. :( hahaha
what can I do, planning for leaving Paris almost done, it's just why I fall in love :(
5 awesome aussies isn't looking too great. Apparently our Wednesday is leaving as well as our Friday :(
trust is hard :(
@lickmycupcakes Oh poor puppy :( whats wrong with him
Dentist :( then a funfilled day with my babyyyyy!!
@Lozza237 aww sorry we are all out of bags :( hah (yer i am happy)
Dreading the fact that I have to get up and mow the grass shortly :( Taxes and Grass cutting, the ONLY two things I hate about houses
misses my student days... those days of sitting with a book n not getting up until it was over... :(
Blob cat scratched my finger last night and it hurts. :(
@VanessaMadge I know right :( have A knot in my back and it's gone straight to my head...boo
Now everyone is sleeping on my couches and floor :(  But I am not sleepy!  What to do?  Cats are restless.  Only 2 beer left.  Watch Bottom?
@nicklangridge Yay! We are reunited! ....i can't upload a photo though :(
Ugh gotta go to the stupid drill competition :-( dont wanna go Its to early. [CELTICS WIN]
is really nervous 4 her audition :( any suggestions?
I have pins and needles in my right foot :(
j'ai trouvé un superbe thème mais anglosaxon (sur theme forest) :-(
A long weekend... just means another opportunity to revise lol... great :(
ughhh schoool sooooon :( (i'm holding every breath for you &lt;3) [Tila i love you so much,thank you for everything!you are amazing!xox]
@petsalive me. :( gotta work today... Have a fantastic day!
@ktan91 it's aights i see how it is. I dont matter enough :(
paul bettany is weird-ass in dvc...ZOMG i just had a massive craving to watch daria...don't think we have it anymore :(
Work in an hour....til six freaking o'clock. : ( I already feel sick. Just wait until after nine hours of work. : ( : ( : (
@JDohy I made toast and tea..but then I eated it for myself....so.... :(
Wow. ...s'posed to go to the Dudie's Burger Festival thing today...but it looks like thunderstorm weather. :( Maybe it will clear up, eh?
WISH I was in Dublin to see Me Fry :(
woke up far too early on a Saturday morning... especially since the tv is messing up and I can't get any cartoons!!  :-(
Awake to do laundry before my long day ahead.  Hungry, but no cereal or eggs :( How can I make breakfast w/o eggs?
and i hate working on weekends when its suny outside :-(
three hours :(
Will go to the media markt now, wish you a wonderful stunning day. Here it begins to thunder and I'm afraid of thunderstorms :(
@ktan91 aww she turned us both off? Aww :( then can you turn it on again?
I feel really sick when I see pregnant women :(
Only one nostril is functioning. :(
ahh, i'm so tired :( debating whether or not i should go to the barn this morning.
Like Cinderella, it was all over at midnight :( stupid parents.
not going shopping today after all :(
is drowning in a sea of doubt :( I wish it could kill off my ENTIRE hope but my heart is way too stubborn, I'm such a fool. Goodbye Internet
My ice pack melted all over me last night.. :( i'm still miserable. How can i get my nails done when i cant lift my arm?
@tonylongworth SHIT! i missed the post office today too. i'm sorry. if i could just throw it in i would but i dunno how much it weighs. :-(
God, my house is so busy and I've got some guy putting new doors on, I can't revise :( tooo noisy!
wish i was going to the gym today :(
Though you are never tweeting, I miss you already @OmarStix04! :(
Woke up with a headache so bad that it's painful to even look at the screen on my iPod Touch. :(
Now its starting to rain and i'm only wearing a sweatshirt joy! :-(
cant belive this is my last ever post on twitter :( i love you all in my own special way xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
@minithommo game 7 @ 10am tomorrow morning on one hd cant wait. bet you miss home now :(
Dallas is warm, but no sun!!  :(
@kevin_vincent I won't be coming tonight :-( Talk to the band about playing acoustic on June 19th &amp; let me know what's up
Awake :( and getting some more contacts on myspace.
I wanna be in a punk rock band again :(
@meggytron I'm good, thanks. Yeah my twitter-timing is way off somehow - I keep missing you :(  &lt;3
@thisgoodlife sadly for me it wasn't that obvious : (
@RachelMcFly aww i dont have spare ticktes or i would of gave you on :(
Goin to bed. I should've been 2 hrs ago, but I got into an argument w/ some dumb girl who called me a stalker just cause I like Chris. :(
@TraceyKoast OMG I was just talking to Alex about Con's 1yr pics the other day. The year went by crazy fast! :(
Doesnt like him :(
Oh. Great. Rain. :(
Gawd, I'm so tired. I don't know why. I slept 15 hours the other day and was still tired :(
The SMS inbox on my N95-2 has stopped displaying contact names since last night. All my texts and reports show as number only. Help! :(
Sinus Infection is still killing me..  :(
Stupid review classes which waste time cause the teachers are never there on time. :( Please pray for my uppachen. He's in the hospital!
omg, vegan matzah ball soup &gt; life. lmao, it's that good! ugh, why am i having dinner @ 9am, :( gah, my schedule's completely fucked.
hmn i mis him :(  im xo tired xo i guess il be able to get my sleep jez after an hour ov thinkin bout him . quit a short time so bye fellas
feels really ill :(
I WANT MY PACK OF MARSHMALLOW AND MY STARBUCKS!! :(
is sick with bronchitis type issues :( Promised son and father would Rollerblade. . Off we go.
is in a sad mood today.. :( I hate feeling this way. I have to work tonight, but Im almost done with all the computer work! YAY
is not having much success with her Garage Sale. :( :( :( :( :(
WTF?!?! Boots have changed my fave king prawn salad :( I now have sweet chillie sauce with it and no peppers :(
booo! can't go to @innocentdrinks AGM as clashes with Teach First SPLiC Summit :-(
@xGabii yup still fluuish..feeling pretty shitty :( but im sure ill be beter soon...how are u? &lt;333
soo tired. needs some entertainment though :(
@zampeachie @Farscale To answer both of you: I studied for FOUR hours before the exam and I'm pretty sure I still fucked it :(
@willneal yea, :-(
so fast the long break is almost over. . :(
no electricity...missed the match between Middlesbrough and Manchester U. :(
@justinberrier He handed me a huge spindle....I've got it covered...pray for dana...she's comin down w/ strep :( she might stay home ton ...
Is in a quandry. I don't know what colours to use. :(
watching a young HOT Tom Cruise in one of my fav movies.. Top Gun... its almost over... no good :(
Market didn't have the pigs head I wanted for a photo :( try another time #photogs #ldn
Getting ready then leaving I hope it doesn't rain :(
I'm so bored at work right now :( there's nothing to do
@CatLatham espire;) where was yours! snaapp! :( i have had to grip my fringe back, it is sticking to my head lol xx
Studying for finals and making graphics....wishing I could go out and do something. :(
ohhh i think i'mma go sleep. my eyes are.. kinda hurting :(
K. I partied to hard I'm assuming!! I have NO voice!! :-(
I am now back in India and feels good to be here..! resumed office and i have caught cold..! :-(
i'm at home so tared :( i just want to sleep a lot!
I bid farewell to my old Kentucky home.... :(
I have a tootheache :(
@purebloom me? wondering if there really is daylight? i've been so holed up in my studio...can't really tell!! :(
tried to add a girl to this, it looked awful..too embarrassed to show results :-(  http://tinyurl.com/d26dc9
it seems that a truck went through my legs :( but I have enjoyed both dancing yesterday. Best celebration of 15 years õ//
my computer is severely infected :(
@petwebdesigner My neighborhood has already started with fireworks!?Why? no idea. Dog is starting to go into the terrified hiding mode. :(
@johncmayer i agree with you. i took me just now to realize that :(
@DarkriderCJ  is makeing me go to the doctor :(  my foot hurts... feela bruised
programming homework is making me late for work :(
Woke up to a leaky water bed :(
Yay.  The exterminator came.  And he said that my 2 roaches weren't a big deal?  :(
Wishing Mayhem Fest was closer :(
Em BUSY doing another article for our school newspaper. :(  Bye for now.
it's really frustrating when the domain name you like is already taken :(
@rachaeliee You suck! :( I'm really tired.
ouchhh, it burns :(
can't celebrate derby this year... :(
almost done with the paper...then I have to study for finals :(
@Houndour ...i wish i was there...i'm pretty good at scaring the shit out of people :(
i wish i knew why my neck is so itchy! ack. and my top lip still feels funny :(
@TiraFA Aww I can't join! Need to study :(
That sucked so bad. :(
Trending Topics: Top Item: I Want Revenge          now what does that tell us? :(
has no friends on twitter. Im a loaner. :(
is in a proper shitty mood :(
@blogtvpunk It hates me :( LOL
@elizabethlmccoy it was really slow and all the funny parts were in the previews :(
I missed my Mohmmy :(
On r way 2 the vball game...so sad all the bball tournaments this weekend AND next weekend were cxld - darn swine flu!! :(
home now. tired. finally going to give up my laptop &amp; start using the mac full time :(
Up @ 7:40 to takesoftball pictures :(
@vonIrrwegen yeah I know, cheers back! so, how is her majesty the queen I heard about the accident :(
ugggggggggggggggggggggggh! FML   :(
Really regretting that piece of popcorn. Out of town for a week while sick = :(
It's snowing! Really wish it would stick though :(
unable to  install virtual box :( neither could I d/l the 'deb' file nor install it through apt-get
Yea hate my life I wanna cry worse morning ever ..... :(
back from school, now doing the papers :(
Just got up! I think its supposed to rain? Ugh! All I really wanna do is go to the zoo and pet some goats. Fuck. I have to pay my VS bill :(
@tommertron Seriously! I've already read about seven articles saying it's gonna get the chop... :(
is sitting through a boring exam review session this morning @ 7am :(
@easyspace 1GB Ram is not available as an addon if you already have a vps with you guys. :(
@ladylocs40 I was going into work :-/. Got an hour and a half of sleep :-(
@SportsCenter Don't post stuff like that!!! :-( #bulls
No coke. SHOCKER. :(
@pcjohnson :( don't leave. im going to order@andreabarone to kidnap you until we return.
@mokistreasures hmmm, that's too bad...my post office is missing 2 employees &amp; manager is working the counter :(
still trying to prolong going to work. only three hours left :(
@skyjuly i'm going to try and make the reading myself... but the day looks soooo full of things to do! *sigh* :(
@WeezyOfficial Please tell you manager (somebody who takes care of selling your cd's?) to send them to Slovenia.We don't have any. :(
i've been put on ice :(
i wish i could give you some kiss now. bah! im breathless and feel sick :(
i need to get a life :( two more days till freedom   (for all my loyal followers in two days you will get more updates :D)
Ap calc tutorial with roehl, becca and jamie. Boorriinnggg. Totally failed my test :(
its super cold in jersey. :(
@ramiers He's so handsome! I wish I had colorful fur sometimes. :(
At a glasses store, they don't have Dolce and Gabanna glasses here :-( going to different stores later tho!
is dreading work and everyone freaking out over the swine flu. must. slap. someone. i need a hug :(
My flight is delayed. Dammit to hell! Just wanna go home!!!! Miss my puppies! :-( sad chingas....
@michellehcim I'm bed bound for the next two days :(
woke up too early. agh :( swimm soon
work, work, and more work :(
Dropped the second game :( We played poor! Oh well, 2nd place isn't so bad. Tournament next week.
@amdev yep - six of 'em :(
Its saturday....and i have no plans :(
Dusted of the wii fit 130 days since last used and 6lb heavier :(
I couldn't sleep last night. It was horrible. :(
didn't get a ticket for Green Day... :(
doing some hw before doing some more hw :(
@ruthdecay :( twitter cut your message in half
on prod support... :(
At the post office...fun times : ( !
@ndubzlover19 i knw im wel upset :(
two softball games last night. horrible :(
i don't want school tomorrow :(
@davidleibrandt Wow, you're insomniatic..lol...sorry :( haha you guys are having a show tomorrow right??
i want to get snakebites!! :(
:( gotta mow the lawn...
I feel bad for France :(
hung over in xray class. I wanna ho home :(
Work up with a horrible head ache.....its been hurting for 3 days now. [  : ( ]
@purplesparkle You'd get more taking it to the breakers :(
@allyheartsBB No.. not yours BB. You can keep that one.   :(
@annietullo what pic are you referring to?  the wonder woman 'ho' pic or the floppy haired Rob gif?  i cant believe u changed ur pic!  :(
@Meretseger I know how you feel :(
@waxkrayon hey, it seems like Twitter thinks you're not following me, so I can't DM you back :( Twitter is flaky like that. :\
My iPhone is just staring sadly back at me with it's sad cracked face :(
@houstonchick sadly not independently wealthy :( but instead no longer at the Chronicle as of 7:30pm last night believe it or not!
Getting ready for work :(
I have to do the least fun things today. :( All I want to do is go to the movies, shop for some new things... Grr.
@dr_zu DAMN It... :( I tried... not to be there.
Dave McMurty deleted me as a friend. Maybe you should consider the same. The cool kid who rejects you is often not as cool as thought.  :-(
@belindamay92 i g2g now :( gr8 speaking 2 u tho! thnx 4 lettin me know bout adam and nicky :D luv u! enjoy bgt xxx
feeling a little lazy.  p.s. i had the worst nightmare of my life this morning.  it was about dog poo, my teeth and a campground bathroom :(
Only had 6 hours of sleep, but I'm awake enough to drive around.  I guess I'm hitting the fair tonight with Butcher? my tummy hurts :(
wishing i was at bamboozle with everyone else :(
@the1Res I was rooting for those two. :(
Today is so pretty and I'm stuck editing and adding onto my thesis :(
Is back in the BAY... Vegas weather is SOOOO MUCH BETTER than it is over here :(
gotta mow the lawn :(
@choley sorry :(  http://twitpic.com/4ewe1
Haven't been here n a while. Had a bad night, but I made it to work on time. I need some me time :(
@TanMcG but.... it doesn't come with a flashlight :(
@beeraday I don't get that show on my FIOS  :-(
ugh... have to study for science test... :(
OMG! I do a 130-930 today. which means I'm going to miss the game :( I hope my girl @janae24 will be on later....
@thepromisehero unfortunately not :( but i will if i find some1 who's got a credit card..it's a bit difficult to get it here in germany :( ?
Just remembered I have to be at the school at 8:30 tomorrow :(
@Schofe Darn! I missed the Twitter man! :( Is there anywhere online I could watch it Phil? What was his deal?
i hate being sick. thank you isabelle. :(
Just baashed my head on sum iron railings :-(
No more jelly beans :(
having a hard time concentrating; my cat some how got out &amp; has been missing for a day. He is literally a scaredy cat plus it's so cold. :(
Working a double.  :-(
Wow I never update this :(
Finally got hold of moon river blush! sold out in my mac store, shame i have to wait for my birthday : ( also got sweet lust eyeshadow !
I woke up to find snow, had to scrape my car and its 30 degrees!!! I miss FL and my Disney family so bad :(
strep and mono at the same time means I'll be tweeting less :(
Coffee doesn't give me the happy buzz anymore. : ( I miss it.
I just destroyed topshop. Spent too much again :( x
@miyagawa Oh :(  ... I've seen him in was in Nobuta wo Produce, IIRC.
@ the parents, the lawn-care people are out in full force and the parents dogs are defending their territory..by barking..a lot  :(
Kicked ass on my social psych final! Relaxing, then working from 6-9. Damn dippin dots for making me miss the JONAS premier :(
@jutecht btw...loved your baseball post...this is definitely best time of year...was disappointed red sox opener was rained out... :(
i am so sad, because i cant watch JONAS, it isn showed in Estonia today :( i can watch it maybe a month later
@lessking t. Gregory's in pain? How can I help? :(
@Ashika_Sunshine who is that? I thought it was your Page...  I Get there... and theres a DUDE? :-(  Not what i Expected #DKAJ?
has a well bad headache :(
Going shopping! Rain rain go away come again another day. :(
I'm sad and I don't like it, because he's not worth it.. : (
good day! i love the rain. but im grounded now :( ugh @ ap examsssss
@cappo u went and got inked without me! :-( ultimate sad face bae -HAZEl
In case your wondering what McCruelty is, it's PETA's name for McDonalds because they kill poor innocent animals :(
@hannah_lauren93 So after driving all the way to Illinois, you can't see him? That really sucks. I'm sorry. :(
@appstory there's peony in oakland, tom kiang in sf, east ocean in emeryville, one in alameda that i forgot the name :(
off 2 wrk agen 2moz :( up @ 6 agen :'( will b knackerd by tues wrkin all wkend :(
@xCraziiChiicax my friend spilled her coffey on it this morning and i just droped it in the middle of crossing the street in toronto :(
@Randominterrupt photorec got the photos, the movies were nowhere to be found even with paranoid/bruteforce/brokenfiles turned on :(
@StaciDucote 2% is a fallacy. Too high!! :(
leinster clearly woke up on the right side of the bed this morning :(
@pavelegorkin i updated to 3.0 beta 4 :( when will quickboard work with it?
....Make the most of them we don't get many, I have to be here which is rubbish :-(
Please! One hater already rated it 1 star :(  http://bit.ly/uHRcM
Its raining :-(
I thought this was the desert. it is raining so hard! such a gloomy day. austin's funeral is today :( god bless the stoner family
@jackyj510 Seriously, i've been trying to learn to walk in stilettos for a while.. not working. Guess I was just meant to be 5'2 :(
my drums just collapsed. all my guitars have broken strings, basses included and my piano isn't making noises! :(
Patron/Ace of Spaid last night paying for it today :-( so hung over
soaked from the rain :(
Headache is going away. I want a nap though. And it's Free Comic Book Day...too bad there aren't any stores doing it near me. :(
@sophiebaron oh I'm sorry :( don't you have them saved to your computer or something?
@josianna he's brill. I'm gutted he can't live with me. He cries when I leave my parents house! :(
@clubemp i was totally being a good girl and didnt even drink! had to come to work early :( but i had like the worst sleep ever
@thatswhack74 that's what happened in twilight and will happen in new moon again :(
@thehoosiersuk http://twitpic.com/2yafi - Keep Losing Count :( Ill Guess About 176 :D xx
Nice curry. But now I'm spending my night getting the stains off my car seat where the takeaway box leaked :(
@tamsul oh man!! its too hard! I cant not have phone contact :(
@Diana_Rosalien You weren't online today! I miss you :(
Going out to lunch with my mommy. :] I can't get on stupid aim because i forgot my stupid ipod at my dads... sorry! :(
@Grooveecar  think that's called sod's law! :(
@spiderdj82 O lol...gee thanks : (
@hugh_jackman I found the ending a little sad, because your character forgot about his love interest. :(
time to go :( got a family day out to look forward to -.- not.
@siamusic oh no : (  Sorry to hear, what a disappointment.
@anniyosh that sucks! Why'd she change her mind? And my friend told me they were meeting people :(
Okay ,, i dont wanna in to galway :(
this work is taking It's sweet time :-(
@czarthp My dvd was stolen...along with the majority of the rest of my movies in 2006. :-(
just broke my camera :( FML!!! don't try to fix something that's not broken
@heidimontag sick today :( what a waste of a pretty day!
safari is being so retarded. there is one window open that won't respond so i have to have two windows open all the time. :(
Made pancakes this afternoon. Syrup hides my lack of quality pretty well. But we ran out of syrup. :(
aye back up to the bronx I go.. imma miss Bk.. :(
editing my profile, but i don't know why i cant upload a background pic :(
@drhappymac I don't think the customer will be up for that unfortunately :-(
@CinemaFusion What's wrong with your ticketing Web site? Can't change the date. Been trying to buy Star Trek tickets for opening night. :(
Disappointed :( ! BARCA paid to win !!!! trust me !
Had a good morning - facial and a pedi while chuck had the kids, now time for my shot :(
Wow, even after a few extra hrs of sleep, I still feel drunk. And my phone is still not working :(
@CaboodleRanch ~ That is so sad :( Tell Craig I am sending hugs for him, I am so sorry
POURING down crazy hard rain.....concert plans might get washed away :(
@StephCrawford oh ok sorry :( lol  rain rain go away!
oops. I tried to make it to my puppy pad.  Sorry. :(
this picture upload shit is bunk. i don't have a face now. :(
I hear the ice cream man but I dont see him :(
Feeling awful.  Saw a snapping turtle, turned around to try to save it and someone already hit it :(
About to go jogging again...wish me luck :-(
20 miles in... but my gears are busted for the moment : (
*sigh* I hate not living near comic shops. The lovely folks on my Twitter feed keep reminding me that I'm missing Free Comic Day. :(
@jenscloset  Well, I feel better.....I thought I was the queen of thread killers. I've killed every thread in which I commented. :(
Soo the movie chinatown was kinda boring. I'm disappointed. :( now i'm just listening to music getting ready for bed. Gonna pray for mic ...
Not liking a whole lot of things in life :(
Paperwork around girls FTL :( #Paperwork
Chillin with @mayachapina, having a few drinks!! I want another one but I have to drive :-( And @mayachapina is wasted with chacha heels!
tireddd as fuck. full of crappy junk food. :( thankfully gonna spend the night with the bestieee.
@irockyoubiatch uhm..I still cant figure it out..*slow* :(
@n00dzisaBAMF sorry I just got off work like 20 minutes ago :( I would have come over if I got off sooner
my babe girlfriend just left for home and work :( devvv
@666TheBeast666 yeah i do need a hug. a real hug NOT an internet hug :(
Man... seeing all these tweets from everyone at @dasro_kast's wedding... while the occasion is :D I'm all :(  I'm there in spirit, really!
@bennagel yea old ones were rusted and frets are at risk :(
@meghannian LOL I'm sober now :(
@keslerftw What's wrong girl? :(
Going back to Kuala Lumpur shortly, high way sure very jam. :(
I did so bad on calories today. Having a pregnant sister does not help you eat less. Tomorrow is going to be self-punishment... sans kink :(
@imagetic That's a bit disappointing. :(
@xstarfly82 @mrcsh or... CHEESE!!  :(
Finally home... Going to bed now :(
@tmdbbh2 yuh post to be my boo :( :(
trying to figure out why I can't upload a picture on here :(
@ElleCMcG OMG recap :( Sorry you had a crazy day, Laura!
@uncbear08 If I had Xbox live I would recommend we link up but alas I do not :-(
shaking up some apple juice and watching the snow fall.  the ...snow :(
spencer smith. :( panic at the disco. :(
looks like i need to do more research. SO lame :(
strictlylawless: my background doesn’t work :(
Chillin with the band. Miss my baby. :(
why must this happen :(
MORNING. made a log fire last night. it was so lovely at the time, but this morning my house smells like braai :(
@JonathanRKnight Don't do it! Disgusting! :(
@spicypants i only got one follower after you #ff yesterday  :(
@fullsizebarbie yeah pretty much. :-( &amp; I have 2 get right back up @ 6 a.m.
so very tired :(
collected smalls from treehouse at 2.30; disturbed by middle et al's 8-bit audio at 6.30 :-( (they're all sleeping but gamecube's still on)
MARK ME COME NOW :( #hoppusday #poynterday
I wish I was more clever. Witty tweets don't seem to come outta me :(
Wishing I had friends to entertain me. :-(
i wish we had more home movies... everyone kind of gave up on them when i was like three :(
@CheetahNoir I hate yall! :-(
Im so tired....but I can't sleep. I am not prepared for the next couple of days :(
@GrammarGirl ooops... Sorry to hear that (your writing goal). :-(
can't believe i'm up. what a poo night - it ciould be worse - stephen sometimes thinks 5.30 is morning :(
I dont wanna go to work. I just want sleep. Early to bed today. Need to get back in routine of going to bed early on work nights. :(
@xmichelerocksx awh. Yea. :( well i emailed her. Lol
Saturday night spent all by my lonesome ! :(
@anjanetteopal Ack, you totally did. :( #keysinmahcar
@michellecpa HAD A PANIC ATTACK? OMG I had to text people and get them to calm me down, hubby was not there and i was alone :(
Good Morning...I got asian bangs and I dont love them....I dont think :(
Missed out on kaskade :-(
@chris_ryall wish i could have made it today :( hit my local shop instead &amp; got some great goodies.
My body's aching like eff. Especially both my thighs and arms :( And I've to refrain from vulgarities now!!
watching the rise and fall of danity kane... :(
@psychomule I'm trying like hell to log in to google chat but it won't let me connect!!!  :-(
My neck really does hurt from the waltzers :( morninggg work today 8-5 what a bitch then essay and revision time (L)
Havent been 2 sleep yet - 24 hours! Not used to this, my eyes are nippy :(
my stomache is upset. all i want to do is cuddle with my kevin and fall asleep.. :(
Im sorry I missed out on the Post Secret/Hope Line Fund Raiser. :(
stuck in college AGAIN :(
Dear people I follow on twitter. I gave you five hours and I expected more reading material. For shame :(
what no sunshine :(
@crissyexplosion Pretty much all school work! LOL! Aghhh I procrastinateee. :(
wishing i was at ashley &amp; roger's. :(
@youdig wait, you went out after the show?  :(
I just peed on my leg a little :(
(heartache.) I only did two things in terms of school work. Otherwise everything was dealing with cosplay and overseas business. :(
Not what I expected it to be :(
forgot that i wanted to put on a movie to fall asleep during. oh well :(
tomorrow's laundry day. :(
OMG! This shit is so funny!!!! Now I must go to bed :(  http://tinyurl.com/5gcwps
Goodnight Angels.  I'm off to bed.  Got the chills.  Watching Number 1 Ladies Detective Agency on HBO.  Feeling lonely. :(
I miss my amigos. :(
blah. It sucks not being able to sleep :(
@Mr_fuzzy I wanted to show you some pictures i took before you left :( you suck.
A whole Saturday without a single call or text?! :( something is wrong somewhere...
needs to watch JONAS so badly :(
@snobscrilla can u pls let me know when u know ? there was a sneaker freaker thing friday nite but missed out... had to work :(
2:49 in the morning :( back to bed
after a shower and a nice breakfast it's time for the service and no swim afterwards :(
@jimspirir me too actually :( did you see his girlfriend panicking at the side? haha kawawa
@c3K How much a jam session on Tuesday? I'm a little out of practice, but am working on guitar. I can sing if necessary. Wii 4 Rock Band :(
f-ing pj and charging me long distance. :(
This shitty weather thwarted our plans regarding Kazbegi... :(
@leesasaur understatement of the world! boys are huge let downs. we should have this embeded in our heads already :( im sorry to hear this
Back home again after 15 days of relaxation :(
I freaking hate when there's no parking on my street! :(
Feelin' a little distant from friends lately and really hope we're not going down that drama filled road again..can't do it, I'll break.. :(
@nefretiriii a friend overseas told me. i think we only get wolverine-drinking-in-japan version here :(
What a sorry Saturday. Missed the game and fight due to being sick laying in bed all day. :(
@camdenhardy It worked for half of the card then said there was an error. But I can see the raw images, it just won't convert them. :(
@mitchelmusso Nothing you can do about the rain sweetie...just be glad there was some.  We need it badly where I am.  : (
@nicolejarrous i forgot my charger! :( did you sign evy up?
It's sunday and the sun is shining.  Need to do some work today around other things :( It was a good day yesterday. Bank Hol tomorrow too.
@Jgeneser .....even though you are talking about the punk band. :(
@marcusprice you're not coming to West Texas. Sad day. :(
out of nyquil :(
Its 3am. Im still on the road. Im coming home. I miss them already. :(
@carsgoBOOM in ym? yeah, I'm too lazy to go online... hehe. I miss you, too :(
@saturnswirls Never had Celestial Seasonings, but I go through Twinings Chai like it's going out of fashion. I'm almost out as well. :(
can't find any of my guitar picks!!!! :(
packing moving studying... for the next week and a half :(
You've got to love the internet! Hatton fight downloaded in minutes!! Oooh look, who's that jowly cock in the audience? Oh, It's P-Diddy :-(
im soooo cold right now :-(
I'm not going to skip another weekend if I can help it :(
just got up!slept only for 3 hours and some people just couldn't stop knocking *i honestly don't know who*!now i can't get back to sleep. :(
Sunday is slipping away with the sunset - how ordinary is that . . .humph :(
:-( point still not taken...
@heidimontag lol I kant believe cam got beat upp sooo embarasssiiiin :-(
Should be having a lie in, but can't sleep :(
@shewar - I don't think he got it :(
Getting yelled at for texting and filming. :( my friends hate me.
The suns out and I'm stuck inside :(
it's 12:38 am in Cali 	 so they don't come :(
:( why does it look like it's gonna rain today? I need to go church! JESUS LOVES YOU!!!!!
@RealSelenaG yhhh I awesome yup no this not my twitterfon though :(
@chicalta oh wow. that's all bad. sorry, but know what that means, gay all day. . .and he had the chin piercing :-(
Ok, on my way! Just trying to catch a bus now! A limo just went past - it didn't stop for me! :(
misses her partner in crime :( and this is a sad day because of :( boo hoo stefy!!
jus got n from pontavedra came out wit tha W...i ended on a bad note played a horrible game :( oh well paz Spain! im goin home! USA USA USA!
@lalabanks504 me too!!! ill have to do some research.. and yes girl paper claims :(
Doubt anyones even reading these. Lol. I have no followers! :(
Will be heading to Bromley-by-Bow to sit for a painting. In jacket and tie. On the loveliest day of year :(
going to bed, work in the morning :(
long day ahead...weening off caffeine :(
oh.......here comes the clouds :-(
@Bianca12313 mine is worse on one side too :(
erika and i r headin to bed. thrs nuthin more to do. :(
just walked by marks&amp;spencers food n didn't get her beloved honey n oats flapjack :( *poverty sucks*
@nicolequiroz oh shoot, sorry! i didn't get this until now :( yes, was in hollywood and beverly hills! my phone is archaic — i txt twitter!
@Akelaa You asked what would make a non comic reader be interested or something like that. I stopped reading when those two retired. :-(
@daniw87 nope we miss out :( its ok tho!!!
@beachNZ need to sleep again for wrk 2nite :(
@brampitoyo wait untill portland PANAS bagai surabaya :(
was just informed that I'm too needy and that no one, including bbb, wants to be around me because I'm a downer.  :(
Worst news ever - gastritis is back :(
Dammit Amazon! What do you mean the red Canon PowerShot SX200IS is not in stock yet??? I hate waiting for toys...1st Palm Pre, now Canon :(
Is workin. Today is my monday  :-(
Nothin' to do....just waitin' for thr right time... :(
people with big noses and black hari reminds me of carlo, and i see lots of them :(
im reallly bored :(
Hey Guys! check out our youtube channel for regular updates!.. and spread around our twitter! we want fans too :(
@Kimm_Chee @alishers it's irritating!!! I wanna upload my pic!!! :(
I wish the hills started here tonight aswell :(
headache !! :-(
my fingers hurt ......2 much guitar :(
oh dear feeling really ropey this morning! meant to be going out today but looks like i may have to cancel. rubbish :(
@KyeLani ah if only that were true, but the weather's not as nice as yesterday, and the shops will all be closed :(
omg i need to loose weight i just cleaned out the cuboard and found all these cute clothes that don't fit anymore. :(
getting ready for work .. got a hangover! not good :(
Level 238 on PACMAN :(
cannot sleep :(
today is very borerd..... :(
im bored doing homework? :(
power is out :(
@SincereBC it's way too boring though.. @ELoXL won't give me anything to work with : (
Goodnight everyone! Have good sleeps! :( School tomorrow... AGAIN! :(
Ouch! jst gav myself a papacut btween  fumb and finga :(
I just found a hole in my favorite dress :(
sick. :( that's ok though, i guess the ability to breath is overrated.
Went to London yesterday to see WICKED the Musical for the second time. AMAZING. Kerry Ellis is amazing at Elphaba!! she's leaving :(
What lovley things we can discover in life...no :(
@indiesarah Apparently there are 2 Crackers. :( I circled the block, didn't see a sign, checked Gmaps &amp; it gave me the address to the other.
Not a happy girl right now :(
@Orchidflower The humans are all fine but we have an unwelcome colony of ants to deal with... they went but now back :-(
Not feeling the best. Im a lil upset about @mileycyrus's concert on 1st of May that i was gonna go to but cant afford :(
@claudiachaouka1 your scaring me . :\ dude i'm still studying . Not happy jan ! lol need help :(
Good Morning Amy!  Your snow going away yet?  I can't deal with budgets &amp; numbers this early in the morning at work....... :(
really wanted to go see mcfly on 8th may ONLY to see @DavidArchie but i can't :(
whatever it is Java, C#, or C++... it is always one only thing... debugging :(
@DenzelBurks  lol yea im crushing on someone bad, have for years,  :(   Points to @drefromthebay  he's patient n kind, and right! LOL
tried salvia tonight... worst experience ever. :(
In Fiction was one of the best Fucking  concerts i've been to in the history of ever ever land....       I'm going to miss you boys :(
Up and having trouble falling asleep. :(
@teh_lisa  I know!!!!!!  Why not Taub instead?!? NOT KUTNER  :-(
http://twitpic.com/4gy8v - awww...too big 4 this ride...  : (
@lizluvsJK He has and we appreciate it. But Danny is mmm mmm good, I could do without all of the tattoos though : (
@JoeJonasLuvr49 oh I'm sorry :( is she in college??
@Caraandclo + youve changed your pic!  :( I liked curious george :( LMAO!
Bout to play gears of war on 20 inches :(
im bored.. just watched gossip girl. the ep where they're gonna bury bart.. etc... nd i cried when blair told chuck that she loves him... :(
@Monkeys_Panda i've got to get up in a few hours for work :(
@Caraandclo But you probly caught it off me during the week anyway :( sorries!
why I am always working on weekends ? :(
...And the Bulls go home :(
people with 3 updates trying to follow 1000 (or 2000) other users - quite common but naive and kinda arrogant/rude, IMHO :(
It's a shame I can't get the NYT Sunday edition here :( I love more reading the whole thing, every section, getting all the information :D
Ni nite tweeter world. Gotta clean all day tomorrow :( yuck! Lady better come on mon dammit. I cant take much more of this!
@kjade do you miss your gay? :(
hate it when a scanned book is missing just one page :(
@officialTila not everyone is sleeping! come on, i did the same :( haha.
ugh homework :(
this headache is slowly killing me...how much more advil does it take???I already took 1200 mg and it is still there :-(
@CaptainSeeBass 3hr queue :( I hadnt been there since primary school so I had shiteloads of other rides to try out.
@Dannymcfly Fucking Sucks about Hatton losing huh? Was a strong start then i just don't know what went wrong :(
@PlusLadyG  i can take the sneezing,,it's the itching of the throat ..eyes... ears.. nose that i can't take :(
Ordered paranthas one hr back still not delivered. Hungry :-(
@ChaniceNykole IDK.....I jus know it sucks :(
I hate being treated different by someone when other people are around. :(
Sunday morning telly is so pointless! :( This is obv why I'm usually asleep at this time!! *yawns*
Thanks to everybody that did #ff. I was outta commission for a few days but Im back! ... but Im not wireless... :(  but I got Ethernet!
I am ill :( And that when it's such good weather! Oh my english is so bad :D
Totally deflated! Just checked ticket prices to Kenya - they have gone up about £100 since last week :-(
Grrrr!!! Seems that my hayfever has returned!! Thought I'd got away with it :-(
now ive gotta get my stuff ready for school tomorow :( eewwww
SO upset! I forgot about my tattoo when I put on perfume this morning - the alcohol started to dissolve it :(
@JusNcredible106 anything with hash browns yummm I'm hungry and lost now :(
Just as we are ready to go out, it starts hailing :(
@infobunny Bunny can you put podcast back up - I didnt get to d/l it is gone from Intarweb :(
Crank calls suck! :(
@haylee182 i meant early :(
@ayeshamulla where r ur tweets??? Huh? Don't mess with me, and oh tomorrow this time I can either drive or not :(
Gonna have to use my gas mower today if the grass doesn't dry out. I try to use the reel mower, but it doesn't quite work out every time. :(
Going to watch Crush at the Terrace bar this aft, work tonight :(
@Lynne90 whats it o youtube blocked where i am :(
says i miss my close friends soo much!! :-( http://plurk.com/p/riibj
is missing @Kiran_Singh @PinkOrchidSU @shaifP love you allll! :(
Omfg I just want to god damn sleep! :( I need coffee
@DavidH66 Oh not fair. I've not even had a bacon sarnie yet :(
watching the logies.  gotta work tomorrow.  : (
@floraisadora sorry sweetie... though hugh jackman is still cool as wolverine - the wolverine movie was lame. :(
What am I gonna do today? Gotta do the production log and critical analysis  - wow this is gonna be fun :-(
Grooveshark is down :(
woke up because of the storm :(
Half-cancelled due to severe weather in Irving :( now I have to drive back to Tyler this am in severe weather, having not run 13 miles. Sad
sit back and say to my self.... yea,.. i thought so... :(
Been revising for religious studies for over an hour now :(
@notxonhoj that's a shame :( we're just off now, I'm wondering if sending the kids in for the hard to get nettles would be frowned upon?
@Laquet  yeah, iGoogle is ok in work but they stopped us twittering :-(
ugh... i don't feel good this morning :(  hope that goes away...
Grrrrr I'm soooo mad!! Why have I been awake for a freaking HOUR...two drunk idiots who no respect!! :-(
@saltyshutter as nuts :( hope you got some awesome shots to make up for It.
Feeling sad. Husbands are supposed to know wives, but obviously do not :(
is tidying my room :(
@sunshinepenguin well, CNB is quite interesting institution, but talking about it is very boring :( what is topic of your work?
studying for exams :(
WCI was SO FUN that i can actually remember this year! so much for the after after party :(
Eugh drying my hair for work :( i don't want to go ! Working with a right moody bitch today which sucks !
I said I'd do something this weekend and I didn't :-( i hate not being able to keep a promise :-(
and never having the guts to say hi...missed opportunities :( never mind byee
I miss my huny :-( ...
@torilovesbradie why are you upset? are you ok :(
Wanted to go see a special showing of 17 again this afternoon but I've no one to go with me :(
My email just so is not working : (  Going to tidy my scraproom later and check out all the awesome challenges on www.scrapinstyletv.com
Well, today is my birthday...now at 28 years old...it's worth.. :(
Got damnit....itchy watery runny eyes :-( LEAVE ME ALONE SPRING!!!!
@ishaNikki loooks fuk bombz, I have trhe muchiens :( fuuhhhhhhhhhhhh iwtffff
@dxsel27 weekend was TOO short.. back to work on a Sunday :(
am reading the Times Rich List : (
Still up.  Writing my paper.  Probably won't go till bed until noon when its due.  : (
@EdGandia Thanks for the post. Interesting, she refers to my group at the very end but doesn't mention it by name. :-(
@LILJIZZEL i heard last night was hotter than a whore in lahore in an unairconditioned store :(
really tired, my neighbors had this party last night and the music was sooo loud, couldn't sleep for hours :(
@Guerrillas what the! i totally remembered to tune in tonight and got simpsons re-runs :(
102 fever...I don't wanna be a swine. :(
home from the mercedes college fete... my feet are killing cuase i have been standing on them all day :(
@heidimontag Lauren is being stubborn. she loves you, you love her.  I feel so bad for you, though. it made me cry :( lol!
@sally_mally ......ARE YOU GETTING YOUR BRACES or getting another tooth out??? WTH MAN!! school isn't fun without sally :(
I'm going to eat dinner now :D Tyn is ugly :( - http://tweet.sg
Only just woke up! Had a horrible nightmare that the cat died :(
@angeloys ha aye, see u next season :(
OMG! I'm freaking BAWLING my eyes out! Titanic is so sad!- D'X  &lt;---- That's my crying face :(
my body says nooooo but my wallet says yessssssss :(
@natalietran ...he kicked the poor thing away. :(
the raining always starts when you go away. :(
Sigh.  Crashed my 500GB harddisk.  DiskWarior managed to mount it but it's beyond repair.  Now sftp-ing to my 1TB raid drive.  :(
I'm having a really bad day!! :(
@evarley I think it's Mac only. Sorry :-(
@Tieuho h?c, l? long nhong ngoài ???ng tr?n 1 ngày, còn l?i n?m nhà, hem bi?t có g?i là vui ???c ko :( ss thía nào?
(@Whoaa_) Oh snap. 4 am. I should be out partying yet! :( Oh well I'mma watch Transformers &amp; go to bed. It always put me to sleep! lol.
has too much design work :( kill me now
has coffee breath. i need something minty. :(
Parents Splitin :( Can Sum1 Please Help Me?
I can't believe that my long holiday will end in a month time. :(
sunday already :( time flies when your having fun!!
is going to work... :(
@KimKardashian ur up early. Me 2 bye bye home :(
Doing Overtime at my job today sucks to be working on a  sunday but I need the money so it has to be done :(
needs a charger :(
another morning after the hop :(
bored of re-jigging old websites to work with my new php setup. time to start a new one from scratch :(
woke up 2 early and cant go bck to sleep :(
Back here on my 2nd Homebase...getting ready for another busy work week ahead :(
:-( Just sick of this.
@MKDons66 Oh right. :(
I need to control my compulsiveness. I'm stressed as hell. :( Goodnight.
@haydenonline ah I missed it :(
why did i buy so many books? 21 books to read :(
Jus got home da nyt was interestin o well who cares i miss my boo :-( now i need sleep! Nyt well mornin! Lol
i just got home from work 8 and a half hours ago.  now i gotta go back for what could be a 13 hour day.  and i won't get rich either. :(
@johncmayer  ok...hopeless even to bother and seek help,please someone tell me, in my life it's really a jail,,,anywhere but home :(
RT @crumcake: Sunday for some reason always seem like it never going it end. Sunday is the most boring day of the week for me. lol me too :(
Feels like she is gonna throw up :-(
feeling slightly better. still a piece of me is dead and gone :(
@Donny_Danger I know right :( Honestly, I didnt see the need of seeing her floating there, drowned. NUL!
I'm awake. Last night I kicked the metal leg of a coffee table and I think I messed up my toe really bad. It hurts to wear heels :( boooo
@bluenilequeen: weather wet 2day 4 walk. :( U were baaad! Blame it on lack of sleep????? No! Sorry i missed ur tweet party!
@asimplenation they blocked the site @ work :(
Arrrgh!!! Change of plans ... no golf for me this afternoon after all. :(
just put the bins out, its a bit chilly, slightly overcast, spring sunday - :(
my mom tricked me. :| she said we were going to the mall but instead we went to go to the grocery store! :| Dang. i really wanted to go. :(
@stonecypher I have never had a nice breakfast from Weatherspoons... :-(
New Xserve's. New higher price. No surprise there then :(
Leaving hometown... Back to sick warm lonely boring Chennai again! I'm gonna miss home!!! :-(
Catching up with work after a VERY busy weekend - actually, VERY busy week. Exchange student leaves tomorrow. She's been very homesick :(
my glasses are missing :( oh crap, and they're not even a day old yet!! aghhhh. why oh why does this always happen to me?!?
I'm ill, so I can't go out today :(
@heatherashley29 hey...I resemble that person!  :-(
im sick :( i  took a  four hour nap yesterday and my little sister is making her 1st communion today so i have to go (even though i am sick)
Poor baby, little man has an upset tummy and then he fell on a toy in the bath and hurt himself :(
@sasharose123 you do? me too :(
Gah! Its +15 outside, and i'm stuck in this shit hole building till 6:00! Why me!?!? :(
im up, I had a damn nightmare. :( omgg. smhh.
@Trishasaur meow? :(
Its raining again! :( Thats texas weather 4 you!
@MRCpersonal did u really stay up so late for me???? i feel awful now :-(
&quot;He's dead, Jim...&quot; :(
MY EYE! :(
Reinstalling windows on 2 laptops .. This will keep me busy for a few minutes :-) on a rainy sunday afternoon :-(
i went to YFE band page.but then umm... :(
@JAH89 Nope, not a shocker. At all. I hate fake people. :( and we are swimming with them.
davepeckens: @honk4peace Never received any DMs last night. :( Twitter was hacking up a lung or something.
@ke77kat Yeah, basically after every week-end. I did that as soon as I went home. :(
cant get full screen though :(
is way too illin' to go out this day :(  Perhaps someone could send me well wishes?
Going to a baptisim. Not to fun :(
is hella effin' tired this morning.......staying up 2 extra hrs took alot outta me :(
@vashtan - yes it was - The golden hour will b 5th of  May in London in The Camden Head - mebbe U have time - sry, only have a #fb link :(
Still waiting for husband :(
GRRRRRRRRRR! Alright, i think i'm done with my venting. :(
@j_a_m_e_s_k work on a funfair :(
Fudge, I have to get braces before school starts. :(
:(:(:(:( if u dont go then.....wont go :( im not sayin wats happenin for reason....;)
@Ginger_Hippie :( that's scary
where is everyone :(
@soloapple Hey Solo. That's not good :(
pissed that there are black outs at my house... Ugh my laptop keeps dying on me!!! :(
@Alchemia I wish you condolences :-(
@sujatha21 You would be surprised at Delhi Compare - most of those who take breakfast from pantry take Maggi Noodles :(
@klovehearne awe girl im sorry :(  i hope you feel better!
Going down, going down going down! :(
@TexasTerri Cleaned the most deserving surfaces in our house :-( and now off to shopping centre for new shoes for DD2. DH away all weekend.
snowbound Sestriere all runs complete &amp; no lifts open :( - Photo: http://bkite.com/076oz
@freaksoldier  hej aj ja chcem pisat s chesterom :(
@insearchofnkotb u lucky girls have a safe great trip. If I didn't have to be at work tomorrow (in NYC) We so would have been there. :(
@LazyLadyLottie guess not :( o well
Natalie basingthwaighte sings like she dresses! :(
@fashearlyxx u havnt blogged for ever :( x
I am working on 08/05 :-(  I have to wait for Saturday to see Star Trek :-(
@hinehou Ohhh i always wanted to go to #Chow as well! :(
i cant concentrate :(
Photographing K's extensive swelling post-surgery, feels like I'm taking baby-bump-progress photos. Poor little K. :(
@alohaKAITLIN thyre not showing reruns.. I checked the whole io schedule :(
i so wish that jobros tickets were easy to get :(
I have to say that I'm so depressed today that we're not heading to boston...especially since I had sweet dreams.  :(
of course i have 2 flat front tires that need to be fixed b4 i can drive back home :( bull shit
ugh i dont think i can go shopping anymore cause im sick :(
Old friends venturing to Hampstead later :-D Shame Maxwell's is long since dead though :-(
@lidles omg soo is minee ahh hate school hate examss ahh!! :(
has a kank thanks to the stupid whore on the other team!!!! still sick :-(
@iamschnurr I agree.  Cleaning my car off made me really cold though :(
@GirlsGoneChild i'm sorry... go hold that little fable and inhale. feel better, sweet rebecca... :(
@Bethness Me = jealous. Wish I was at home :(
Damn I hate poison ivy :-(
has just been for a run. She's feeling pretty rotten about her poor little fishy. :( It's been 7 days now. 2nd dose of meds coming up.
RT @MikeHill: http://cli.gs/VoteNoOnAB178 way to FLUSH more CA Jobs  :(
Good morning twitters!! What are your plans today?  It's a dreary day :(
Volenteering for six hours today at a retirement home,which means I can't go see the new X-men :(  ohh well I guess I'll have to wait a week
I hate CVS...stuck here till 3 :( very sad about that. But out with some Mimi girls tonight! Yay! Texas roadhouse!
Back to work! :(
@openmywings Aw, it's a shame you can't have a longer run :( Are you going into auditions for something else after it finishes?
@lancearmstrong yeah talk about opened up a can. in a way i definitely wasn't surprised, but I expected msu to come harder than that :(
@babycjx3 i wish there was sunshine here tooo. it's just plain and cloudy :(
have 250+ pics to load to flickr........and uploader doesn't want to play :(
bamboozle looks so good! :(
My hand is really sore. I think it might be broke :(
@azendabb list c?a e lúc nào c?ng ch? có ss onl thui, ss là host ?i :(
Twitter, you wound me :-(
is really sad this is my last day at calvary :(
@toeslaughter is busy studying and she can't chat with me :( It's alright since she's studying. All the best, bitch! :D You can do it!
@ChibaHanako OK! It was a canon AE-1. I had to go back and look. I'm back to digital and I really loved film. I miss it :(
went out last night. only had 4 hours of sleep.only logical thing to do now is homework right?Wish I could've been to Bamboozle yesterday :(
when I woke up my throat was hurting. :(
Working till about 630 then scrapbooking my life away :(
Crap, my clocks are off by like an hour :(
lazy day has gone :( at least Tuesday is another holiday tho
@LaylaNatalie i was gonna take out for one! cool den init :(
@staticxage so you cant has pronz? :(
@chessielyle are you at work? is it busy? :(
Going into work...even though I feel a little nauseous...  :(
And now back to work. :(
what an unproductive weekend :(
Settling in to ma new flat.dying wae glandular fever tho :( x
@TheTravelGuide Re: GOODNEWS!One stop for. . . link didn't work. :-( Please repost it.
@pfunk89 hey u dnt hve ur background nemore :(
@mcraddictal rofl i'm not really on my tiran all that often though. No one joins :(
@RosevilleRockLn I try to buy petite when I can but tops don't fit the chachas. So dresses have to come from regular section. :(
My Commodore shirt is getting washed out...i need a new one :(
@littlemunchkin yea. nationism scares me :-(
@trohman meeee still want to lounge on logs :(
Am now getting spam followers on twitter! :-(
ew - woke up mad early with a temperature and soar throat. on meds, konking out :( was looking forward to fellowship today...
Flat tire on way back from SD! :(
last night got pretty long. @oceanblade was wild as hell. nice...but the music sucked. very disappointed about berlin dj team sick girls :-(
Hate to see when my oldest muppet daughter's heart aches. :( she is tough though and will get through it.  http://myloc.me/s6r
but its out of stock damn it :(
Going to start math report. :( waiting for daniella to text me to do the Calculations crap. ugh!
@srah_scottydog  http://bit.ly/SlMee He's possibly ok! But after the kristin spoiler I'm not hopeful :(
2/8 pages on my paper. Ugh. Research is finished, just have to summon my writing skillz now. Spent 12 hours at the library last night :(
@SheriRocks oh dear what brought that on madame thas not a nice feeling :(
sun + the holloways album = bliss. shame im revising as well :(
Wanting the Sony FW laptop to replace my bent Vaio but don't want Windows Vista.  When is Windows 7 coming out?  :(
chipped his tooth yesterday too :( bad times. neeeeeeeed a dentist!
Baby just woke up &quot;Hey mom or dad, time to change baby's diaper!&quot; Hmm....if only I had a mouth.. :-(
Last lifegroups today :(
im in the regina palace where not only the name but also internet rates are royal :-(
@porksmith :( you can message me but it won't allow me to reply. silly twitter. so you remembered my name or it told you on here? email? x
owww . :( arm hurts !
so i thnk i might have tonsillitis :( ughh, my throat hurts. and we're going to the zoo
Sooo tired and sore. Idk whats wrong with my foot. Back hurts from last night. Ha. Going to dad's house. This sucksss! :(
IM REALLY SORRY I CANT GO TODAY ;( @codea i wish i were there with you! if you see dmelillo, go crazy without me :(
Hating how guys have to be so complicated :(
@crabsoneyes Popinas was too packed :( though we did debate it on the way home. Doubledinner!
@1crazyblonde ok, I am on a diet.... And Twitter is making it SO DAMN HARD!!! I want pancakes :(
@mileycyrus no money then no atlantis :( i really wish i could come i feel in my heart that im the biggest fan of you love you xxx take care
@Ottimisvico Yuk! We have 7 day trading here. I do remember when we didn't though. Was really annoying :(
@misspublicity In the Morning :( I'm not ready... I love being spoiled my my fam &amp; friend that left Cali!
Who can help me post Twitter feeds on my blog -I'm not winning :-( I did take my light switch off now to find a new one store didnt have it
@BlitzCanSing Sorry, I won't be making it next Fri :(
Im not very well atall. How can one wee person vomit up so much black sludge? Not nice :(
@mileycyrus I wish I could go cannot go that weekend : (
im growing a little tried of this illness now! i cant join in with the family all chillaxing outside :(
@ddlovato you're so lucky, i wanted to go so badly but i couldn't :(
@ambeRRubarth that Vespa experiment is so awesome, hey vienna was really great in Tucson last night :( sorry U weren't there
loves blagging free champagne! but hated the taxi driver :( ignorant twat
got a cold :(
&lt;---- Pants firmly attached to hips :-(
Can't fall asleep! :( Save Me!!!
@indy_stephenson SWORE!: what the fuck causes a fiscal surplus to become a fiscal defecit??? ERGH I JUST DONT CARE :( x x x
more work :(
Goodmorning..today is VERY gloomy :-(
It looks so gloomy outside. Wish I had someone to cuddle up next to wtih a cup of hot cocoa with extra marshmallows..   :(
@Emma300 I'm sure it looks great!! I get bored with my hair really quick, but I'm not allowed to go to mad, cos of my job :-(
@teach77: nope :( but I did sleep in til 8:35...so that's a plus
I am never going  back  up to Crestline again that drive is totally scary almost drove of the cliff......*twice* :(
I just woke up. It alredy sunday and tomorrow is monday :(
for some reason i cant sleep even when im tired :S  i wan tto listen music but my ipod doesnt have charge :(
when the painkillers stop working.. that sucks. My face hurts :( AND I HAVE SWINE FLU, OK.
@CandiceKei hahahah. yeahh. omgosh i feel so bad for the Cook family right now! :(
http://www.jessiecave.com/fanlisting/ joooin it! joooooin iiiiit!! It's quite sad that this is the largest Jessie fanlisting :(
@wethetravis i miss you! you're in my state and i can't even see you! :(
weird my last txt tweet went MIA :( anyway, gonna try to nap cause i hardly slept last night
i hate website that automatically resize browser windows :(
@noxertg I saw the wolverine workprint and thought the movie in general sucked. :(
@zoeart we run out of chalk. Sorry :(
i wanna be at bamboozle.. :( pancakkkes.
Ewwww :( just woke up and now I'm about to start tonights hw...... please someone save me??! Hehe
doing make up shit :(
Just found out about David Cook's brother. How sad. :(
I hate seeing a semi final go to penalty kicks......  :(
Ahhh cramps!!!!!! Evil vagina!!! :( its times like this I wish I was a stinky boy....
@raidstar I wish I am, applied once but didn't end up getting an invite coz I wasn't cool enough :(
@BigJTLad or 40 shirts in Primark :(
Lonely night @ the Owen Hotel :(
woke up at 7am on a sunday morning to study for APs :( boooo
@GoCJones :( the studio equip is in the shop now. Won't be back up til Friday. How's ya Friday/Saturday looking?
4Chan is down :( http://bit.ly/5wbrr
really sad now. I just heard David Cooks brother Adam died. :( My thoughts and prayers go out to David &amp; Andrew and the rest of the family.
is poorly sick :( Wishes she had lots of people giving her sympathy &amp; flowers
Moving house... knackered. And disappointed about the Sheff Utd result. Poo : (
@FlimsyMango TMJ is this craziness with your jaw and it makes your jaw pop and it hurts :(  And as far as I know I'm still going to NYC
but part 2 is sad :(
working on a sunday afternoon :(
http://twitpic.com/4hi1b - I hate Sundays... :/ :/ :(
@askmo24 lol! too bad quiet time is over :-(  what you gonna make for dinner though?
is feeling sad and stressed. i do not want to do any more stupid bloody essays, and nooo more  stupid stupid stupid exams!! saaaaad times :(
@Splanchna wow.. that's crazy.. are you feeling sad or happy to leave lyco? i can't imagine ever going back ther without you being there :(
BTW - beautiful day! sucks im on my way 2 work tho :(   --SLOANSTER--
I'm too hungry!!! My head hurts :(
bored doing homework :(
job searching. again. :(
@iero_xxi aw thanks. I wish i had black hair!! i'm sooooo tired :( but i need to reviiiiise!
I feel sick :(  ..maybe I should've gotten some sleep.
I want and NEED him to be the father of my babies :D ugh...I really do miss him. :(
@trishapocalypse but i loooove him :(
Finally finished season 1 of CSI! Now time for lunch then the afternoon at my Gram's! I can't believe the weekend's almost over already. :(
LAPL # 4 FREEROLl Postponed again, truly sorry, More information to all members in forum once we got it :(
@patmaine wish I could be there with you :(
&amp;&amp; my throat hurts ehh :-/... I dnt want to be sick :( ... Excited about tonite.. Much needed... :-)
not liking the ninja game anymore... i don't look like a proper one! :(
need some cheering up! :(
i want a puppy with all my heart :(
@akaptivating7 I want some brownies :(
@xoryro i know. :( ?Mikey&lt;3!
yipee updated my fb photos...that was fun...now to mt. st. helens of laundry... :(
has been inside all day..didnt even notice what a lovely day it is outside..shame its over :(
wanna watch prom night but dont have it :(
weekend is over :( back to studying before finals
@steffaneelove Yeah! I found that out too! :(
I just woke up... I feel like &quot;..eh..&quot; I don't want 2 work :-(
@smallmatryoshka  Longsight flat was really lovely, housemate was a gem - literally the only thing wrong is the small-ness of the room :(
is reading New Moon. Can't wait to get to the happy part! It's so sad right now. :(
@joeymcintyre twittersilence?!?!?! :-(
@KatieElizabethX LOL had to clean and sort my room out with my bad back!! And do my cwk :( LOL I noo poor her!! :(
Hey twitter world, long night &amp; just waking up, I haven't slept like that in years...lol. Ugly day out im spendin it in da house doing HW :(
Shopping Againn :D Got Rong Size Shoes Tho :( Goin 2 Cinrema Wit my Niece 4 HM ... Ttyl xxx
wow. insane shooting in altoona. its turning so awful :( :(
I'm bored and homesick! :-(
WOULD have rocked the forecast, until one last batch of precip snowed out 0.01&quot; in the first hour.  I just can't make up my points :(  FML
somebody called me &quot;fat&quot; today :(
@camiw2 I won't let you go :( but i can't do anything
ok :(  i hope you feel better!
@niteguardianx I'm good. I'm playing Oblivion for lack of anything to do :(
@heatherb84 boo.  Wish i was there. :(
@txrocks75 I want to see the OG Grey Gardens SO bad, but Netflix has a &quot;long wait&quot; for it. :(
@gfalcone601 can i make falconeday? :(
issues, but my aunt, who is also older, is a bitch!  UGH! Just tell mom that she can't meddle...it doesn't help.  Poor Ang!  :(  ((HUGS))
had another one of those special kind of baths last night!  :(
@penglim you said you were going to call me but you never did :(
my heart goes out to David Cook and his family :(  so sad!
Oh yes, now it's even closer... I'm gonna hate next week :(
wants to hang with alexia :(  wish school wasnt out, stupid swine flu!
@yvonnechristina and soon enough i will. u will be like damn girl, i dont want to shop anymore. :(
@MissyHartNYC i can stand them, but just not 2day :-(
Rain and girls aloud missing the top ten. Great :(
Last night was pretty good but dammit it couldve been better. Looking forward to tomorrow morning. Losing in SF4 this early in the day = :(
Jack Russell Terror is still limping, and bleeding from her nails. : (   Doing my editing today since tomorrow looks like an a.m. at the vet
I seriously need some sleep :(
wishes she was at kings island with her best friend. :(
@marcynewman :(
@dougiemcfly not good :( show was great last night :D  shame about the pizza time
doesn't know where her picture and background went. Come back! :(
Fun times last nite, but payin 4 it 2day... Could barely stay awake in church. :-(  Gonna clean up apt, work on a few projects, then chill.
@Krissiix yeah we wanted one as well :(
@peterhimmelman it is true, and I could explain but then I'd have to kill you :-(
Waking up to my 16th birthday. I'll officially be 16 @ 10.45am... Can't wait *rolls eyes* :(
So excited to go home! I'm on the final plane in SF and I keep turning to whoever is next to me, but noone shares my joy. :(
home from a craazy weekend :(
need to get ready for work :(
@MichelleZink :( i feel so bad for kenneth! poor guy..he really is rarely sick- im surprised he got the flu this late in the season...:(
I'm tired. Just... so tired. :(
I wish I can be napping with A. :(
is missing my one true love..K'Imani :(
I'm losing my voice :(
@Princessq82 cuz it was raining and my friend didn't feel like driving anymore :( i missed my boo's party
I think that since I had been crying so much, my tears have tried out. :(
In Toronto - plane to Newark likely to be delayed by one hour :-( Good job I decided to stay overnight in Newark tonight and drive tomorrow.
@DavidArchie I'm keeping Cook and his family in my thoughts and prayers as well.  :(
@kkohn yikes that sounds painful! Hopefully its not too bad :(
shitty sunday... :(
@Sinnerx mine was pretty good. today was the start of my work week though :-(
...had a text from his mate saying that she has just had a hiding from a bunch a girls...nice. :-(  Bank holiday madness.
@aron93a You jinxed it lastnight on blogtv! :( lol
@ryanwoodings sounds like fun but I  think I might have to skip this time. Late night last night and I am tired :(
@DavidArchie What did you think of Matt Giraud being voted off of Idol this week - I'm a big fan of his so I was bummed :(
Me no want to go to 4h.. :(
Am I the only person who has to work tomorrow?! Still on New York time : (
postively gonna fail the english project. ughhh! :( LOL.
is sick and wants to hide from the world :(
@capncraka lol, having to critique photos sucks... i couldnt think of original things to say about each one. :(
I don't want it to be Monday tomorrow! :(
i miss the web, and think ive gained weight :(
@AllthingsGA I applied for X Factor and got a letter with an audition for Glasgow but not sure if I can go now or not :( xx
I have a sleepy (goodness knows how) @cpearson1990 on me who won't let me escape :( Being cautious as I don't want to get punched :(
I think one of my fishies is sick :( Poor Cobalt :''(
Toss and turn at 2+ :( sleepless night. - http://tweet.sg
@volcomm yes but for like th 10,000 time it is not up yet :(
@BostonTweet - nothing for those of us under 21 :(
:( stuck home now should I bike ride or run?
My dog has killed five baby rabbits today....makes me haz a sad :(
I am tired! Going to bed early today. I hate mondays :(
latex thong never arrive :( and no more crush
wow.... http://digg.com/d1nzKq  and people here complaine about our buses here... ( don't know if this link will work ) i'm new :(
@vlh I absolutely hate Sunday evenings :(
I have work tomorrow. Not good. :(
Trying to ignore the fact that the heat lost today and are out of the playoffs. It's not working to well :(
@vickicla of course. wee soul :(
@Marktavious.. leave me BE! :(
@abowllan lol ..ummm YOU??? hahaha so sweet but MC is a whore :(
In joule library, but no good books to read :(
@Abercrombie12 please unban me!!  It's killing me....   :(
Everybody getting new twit pics :(
doesn't want to go to this party... :( Hopefully we can get out of there quickly and go see Wolverine.
PROM WAS AMAZING! why do all good things have to come to an end? :(
i dont feel well. :-(
Feeling very sad after an emotional day ... more packing to do and then chilling with @ianjukes before we have to say goodbye for a month :(
R.I.P my 2nd computer..just found out my motherboard is fried..im sooo pissed...i dont have then money to replace it..shit!!! :(
@grossdale I WISH I COULD BE THERE :( HOPE YOU COME BACK TO DC  OR BALTIMORE AGAIN
@dneighbors There are &quot;elites&quot; in any large and growing community.. :( I guess the trick is to keep them in line...before things go wrong
@juliaroy Cramp..for an hour!? Poor you! :(
@DavidArchie i think i am the only one not watching the episode :( i hate my dorm.
I feel like I look like a guy today...blah...I really, really don't wanna go to school tomorrow, it's gonna be sooo awkward :(
i wish a famous person will talk to me :(  i have always wanted to b like hannah montana and i guess that dream will never come true...bye!
is home thankfully! and in desperate need of a good neck/back massage! im uber sore! :(
@danschulz Dan, CSS is getting to easy for me. :( I might move to the JS Forum LOL
I'm in love with the Derby!!! Unpacking :(
is about a minute away but stuck in traffic.. I hope he didnt come on yet :-(
I really wanna have a baby! :(
@tillyandthewall lmao yeah that's me :(
@ImaPiscesSoul yeah rained most of the weekend...yesterday wasnt bad but i didnt have time to hop on..back to work without my release :(
@monikamcg When I send pics to Twitterberry to send to Twitpic it never sends..just sits there and sits there. :(
my arm really hurts :(
has a migraine and is really sick :(
filter - where do we go from here (x-ecutioners remix) is amazing. i remember when i first heard it on power in LA - i was 18 n love :(
seeing cari on thurs! she wished for me at 11:11. I feel loved. I miss so many people right now. :(
@KezzaMcDezza Yeah.... only it looks like it's blowing over already. :(
@mynameismo Eep! Hope ya got something for that! :(
Love listening to my 'explosions in the sky' pandora while studying! 5 DAYS LEFT OF COLLEGE! :(
Bedtime.  I'm not ready for bootcamp class. Assessments are tomorrow. I don't feel more fit, but I gotta be right? I guess we'll see. :-(
weekends go by wayyyyy too fast :(
why did i again forget to bring ice cream home with me? :-(  ice cream, what's NOT for dinner
@Tre_B girl, i use twitter on my celly and i dont hav pics on my phone to add on here... :(
Gf really upset &amp; dissapointed me today. Really wanna talk about it, but it's such a  long story for it all to make sense. Oh well :-(
@SherriEShepherd  Sherri the link to brentozar.com doesn't work for me :(
@SarahWingo oh, right, the wings :(
listening to Permanate by David Cook almost in tears :(
is guessing he didn't schedule his appointment with Super Boo early enough :(
@latitude13 Not raining, slightly overcast, tho.  Sorry, no twitpic for me.  Don't have the nice smartphone like some. :(
DVD wouldn't work :-( called Redbox &amp; they refunded me + gave me a code for a free rental
LOL@ &quot;Mariahhhh, facebook keeps you out of trouble and off the STRAAEEETTS, do you even know where DT is anymore???&quot; HAHA :( so sad so true
thinking :(
Is worried about her good friend :(
Doesn't want to graduate.  :-(
@lalabby Always wanted one, too! But could never find 3 friends w/ the required attention span. Or actually, just 3 friends :(
@BONNIECHAU no! I will continue bothering you. don't leave me :(
Why doesn staying home alone all day make me depressed? I wish my baby was with me :(
I am watching the boy in the striped pajamas and its so sad!!! :(
/b/ is down :(
@Yungmarvingaye , Just left from Harlem earlier today. : (
@sweetbabyboy I don't think I'll make the tea party tomorrow. :( J. doesn't get home til 530, then I have to go to team kid/easter service.
I can't end my twitter experience with an @ tweet. Does this mean I have a problem? My therapist won't like this. :(
Wit my new job, I will not be able to watch The View or Canada Am :(
It's sad when you realize you can't comment on other people's blogs because trolls you banned from -your- blog follow you  :(
@KELLY__ROWLAND I give up :(
Going to bed, tomorrow is another day.  The weekend went by so fast. :-(
@luke_irvin I hear ya ... :-(
@brandonshrader EXACTLY!!! I would almost give anything for it sometimes. :( Ugh. I hate this feeling. I'm SOOOO over it! Fuck!
trembling isnt helping. damn. :(
back to school tommarrow :( tried recording a remake of an old mos def track with autotune..it came out soundin' WACK!
@fancyfacebrady I would be sulking, too. :(
my pacobutthole is in pain from an unfortunate accident with a goldschlager bottle  :(  but my birthday is in two days so drink tampon beer!
i wish that i didn't have school tomorrow :(
My weekend is almost over.  Now I get to do a week of the late shift at work :(
It was  a nightmare...a terrible night :(
i practically broke both thumbs at my cousins party :(
wish i had my man here :( .....feelin lonely
I don't want to go to school!!! I feel awful! :( Stupid anxiety attacks kill me!!
@scenteddemented My sister snuck one out of the caf for my birthday when she was a sr ('03) and my dad saw it in the kitchen and ate it :(
Slept in purgatory, had to get through the night suffering :(
@bntpttr  REALLY ?? I THOUGHT ITS BETTER THAN MY CURRENT :(
1 System down and 1 to go.  UGH!!  Why does SP3 take so long to install my eyes are about to fall out :(
I can't believe the weekend is over :(
@nopparat i also feel the slowness :(
I WANT MY FOOD :(
So this really sucks, but @apleaforandy, @apleaforblake, and @apleaforaaron, I will not see you tomorrow. :-( superdumbretardedgayfest2009..
@markhoppus almost over :( #hoppusday
Sittin at britlees  watchin the boy in the stripped pajamas... Its so sad :(
Had my credit card number stolen :(
@aplusk hmmmm 4 hours from atlanta, but headed to Fayetteville this week :-(
http://twitpic.com/4iv5j - The aftermath of TBS... I'm now blind :(
@ayvonnecato you should be ashamed of yourself.  To use that name in this topic.  :(  WHY!WHY!WHY!  WHY would you do that. From TBSN
Do all guys never answer their phone? :(
school tomorrow :( ugh
@jonasbrothers I completely missed the premiere of J.O.N.A.S, Im sad :(
the whole weekend went by and I didn't get to blog :(
I needs a boy friend... :( Being this alone kinda hurts. Never been kissed... Though heart broken.
@blondeirish I love raspberries! When I lived in WA state I used to eat them by the flat! But they are  too expensive here in AZ :(
Geez I hate traffic. Driving back from Palm Desert. Now in gridlock on 58 west :(
No internet here :-( Front lobby has it only. Not cool!
bed. my tummy hurts real bad. :(
I second that! RT @joy_wolf: @Kwesidei not the whole crew :(
@annaversary get better!! (and don't get anyone else sick) hehe. And I'm so sad that your wine is gone :(
On one is answering their phones. :(
&quot;mileycyrus i love my Brazilian fans!!!&quot; E eu amo você :(
my bf breaks up with me b4 gettin deployed for a month..now he wants me to send him pics and sxtin..  im feeling used! :(
Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB.... :(
i wanted to go to bamboozle :(
No I didn't get blowed today :( I wish!!
I think that cleaning my closet/underwear drawer would take a lot less time if i weren't so obsessive about color coordination!!! :(
boo, Donald let go of Jesse James :( catfights produce better ratings I suppose #celebrityapprentice
@aridhol Ahh, how ones tune changes, it wasn't long ago that U praised TweetDesk... &amp; now U wouldn't even turn a cheek 4 it... how :(
@markhoppus the end of the #hoppusday :( but it was nice and funny isn't it? i hope you like it, seriously! thanks Mark! thanks...
@DavidArchie Hey Love the episode but why only 5 mins :( u were awesome loved ya!!!
@sergeantkero hu um belom nimbang lg nih sampe sekarang.. :( tp cannot stop eatingg
Doing nothing , bored as :(
Can't believe Bread Co. didn't have my broccoli cheddar soup. I can't get the videos in this powerpoint to work...can anyone help? :(
needs to buy psyllium fiber from gnc but its out of stock :-( http://plurk.com/p/rn4j8
shouldn't have taken a FOUR hr nap today..ahh I will never ever sleep tonight :(
@zachcaruso I'm up at 4:30 too tomorrow if it's any consolation :(  Need to get in extra time on Rowan days...I agree it sucks
@izka2 is that hbo or showtime! I don't have showtime. :(
@randum20 I believe it's because they haven't discovered their passion yet. Sad. :( If someone discovers what they love, the money will come
I SWEAR IF ONE MORE OF YOU 'ENTREPRENEURS' (as you call yourself) FOLLOWS ME I WILL COME OVER THERE AND SLAP YOU.  Capitals are scary.  :-(
Watching videos on Youtube and thinking.. Jason Michael Carroll needs to come back to WA SOON!!! September was too long ago :(
@whateveridunno So am I... :(
Watchin this movie...... beyonce's not a great actor. :(
@aheartofstars I do too :( it's good to learn new technologies, but work takes so much longer due to glitches out of our control. bad for us
@TDLQ i know...still didn't feel good... :(  i miss him!
will be at milne til may 13th! :(
@_Soda_ awww boo I was busy working on some Do Dat stuff had a hectic day :( just got your tweet!!
@RyanSeacrest me too :(
getting ready to go back to school :(
I'm getting older. I've been breaking out in pimples the last few days :( I've never had acne problems in my life.
@priscillarenea u @ the studio wit the fellaz, if so tell err body i said &quot;WHAT IT IS&quot; LOL!! and sorry i couldn't be there witchall :( lol!!
Monday is almost here.  :(
@SamitSarkar @nickchester if i'm as in-touch as the grammys i have probs :(
@e1212oL I don't think we'll get to play any time soon... I leave for the Philippines in less than a week. And I'll be gone for a month :(
@SBKLIVE Because Lost is on Wednesdays. :(
anyonee onn? :(
my eyes hurt from counting tiny flies :(
what is wrong with meeee?  :(
writing this dumb essay:( .. then doing something else for another essay.. then studying. wow i REALLY have a life today :(
exactly how i DIDN'T want my night to go! stupid work. i still need to curl my extentions, oh and i slammed my finger in the draw. :( :(
I feel beat up... Between work and my life i'm just wishing I was living a different life :(
@ktinaaa lol well i have a final on tuesday too :(
dammit - all that and i just now realized that I left off @StarPrincessHLC and @OhDaniB... I'm SO SORRY you two :(
bored out of my mind....out of sleeping pills :(
i definitely have to repack with warm clothes. :( this is not exciting. i was looking forward to sun!
@KimKardashian i couldn't find it on tv :(
@thebanoosh that's why I wanted to join. :(
@kinnyboo; About to get my clothes ready for school in the morning :(
i miss london already :(
@MissNappyBoy that sucks i havent been outside yet :-( i love it when its cold inside not outside
I had a panic attack because of Metallica. :(
My computer died. :( Hopefully it can be brought back to life, but it doesn't look good right now.
i wanted to watch that thing about steve-o but i forgot... :(
RIP Adam Cook. you are missed. David Cook, my thoughts are with you and your family. I'm sorry about your loss. I know how you feel. :-(
@thamicunha another? i need a new crush.. my last one was a wast of time :(
RIP black cat that lived under our deck.  You were annoying but didn't deserve to die :(
Errr..I've been tired all day and now that I've finally laid down I'm wide awake. This sucks :(
wants the rain to stop :(
15 Minutes Until Im !7...Being 16...Worst Year Of my Life :(
@bravesgirl5 seriously? :( i was really looking forward to seeing it!
Has to go to bed soon and back to work tomorrow.  :(
@so_rock_steady -  hay hun.... sorry to hear that :( i know the feeling... cept mine is a Friday !
On my desk is a jar of pencils. One of the pencils is an xacto knife. That was the one my 2 yr old used to draw on my new MacBook Pro :(
@mmm_gash i know, sad isn't it? :(
I wish I could make the pain go away :(
@Mdiha omg...i got it out of the way &gt;_&lt; gosh. I feel you though...2mrow going to be crazzy...I have an exam to do :(
Wanting to follow my new life goal of becoming a high school math teacher, but I'm about a month too late to register for classes :(
im just gonna cry now :(
@fakerpattz G'nite Sweetie. I'm so sad I've lost your reply to me :( Sleep well &amp; thanks for being good. I really didn't want to give u up.
@electra126 Uh, blame global warming for that ? :(
@StackL Fine...be that way :(
@timmagaw Ahh, that does suck. Well, I hope it got better :(
who would write my paper for me :( about 1960's Trends.. pwease :(!!
So what, all the new Canon SLR's record video now?? :(  New Rebel T1i comes out in May:  12,800 iso, video, 15.5 mpx.... *sigh*
I need soem Tylenol : (
So I think I just might be dying of hunger :(
is at schooooooool - in english. Practice article analysis ftl :(
My butt hurts like its going to explode :(
@mrjonathanlee gutted :(
Played a concert this afternoon. My allergy meds made my mouth all dry. :(
@KhloeKardashian - I luv 2pac...and I think he is dead...I miss him :-(
@LaGraphixGirl yeah! I am starting to lean more towards the illustrative form of art it would be nice if we could bridge the gap :(
ahhhhhh my power is out. ugh. :(
@Bam1500 it doesn't wanna let me send u a direct message... :-( follow me and see if that solves it...
last tweet for a week :( sorry guys - I need to deal with school and figure things out on my own
might have to make some changes to ruby twitter .. it doesn't include headers coming back ..so no API count without a serperate http call :(
mann my sister left... ii miiss her already... :(
Reading through how the brain works &amp; dreams, I remember dreaming of going to the mamaks last night. But b4 my thosai came.. I WOKE UP! :-(
@Iamlegend01 at the seaside with my bffs!! this year i stay in italy cause i got ot take my drive licence and it's very expencive :( u?
tired of seeing dead bodies tonight kthx :(
@_tira i know :( lol, she'll get mad, hopefully theyll have more? not sure, im on book 2 week 2 and a half?
.my washer is broken :( anyone know how to fix one?
Why did I go to bed so late last night?! Uuughhhh.... F my life. I'm off to work :-(
I hate falling asleep without you by my side &lt;3 :(
How do i fill this void when i cant seem to grasp a hold of you no matter how hard i try... :(
These pix r takin a long time 2 upload 2 photobucket. Gettin tired. Was kicked out of photobucket but now back on. I'm not done yet. :(
@omghaidonovan i long for the day that i can tweet while on the go... :( lol
MAY THE FOURTH BE WITH YOU sorry lol it makes me chuckle every year :(
@themorgan I didn't even realise what the date was until about 20 minutes ago! I missed out on wishing everyone Happy Star Wars day :(
feels sorry to adam cook, david cook's brother. he lost his battle to cancer. :(
@courtygooch damn, now I'm kinda sad :(
Reliving childhood memories with Legos. This could get expensive :(
twit`off. :( ciao.
watching my role model @khloekardashian then going to bed early bc i have to wake up at 6 :( goodnight!!
whywhywhywhywhymeee :(
Pretty sure I'm sick...or dying.  :(  This no-clutter policy for the new apt isn't working out so well either.  Shit be evvverywhere.
i have a lot of anxiety today :(
@KimKardashian is khloe still moving new york? i hope not u girls are great togther :(
is so boring now.. sleepy and decided to go for a cup of drink.. to regenerate myself!! :(
@AlexAllTimeLow i missed the umass show, but my brother called me to rub it in :( so sad i missed thisss. but amazing show on tuesday&lt;3
i agree with stephanie... i should be studying too.. :(  feeel better toria!
@shedana @MandyCastillo yeah, me too :( I wish they'd come to Denver
Not in the mood to tweet. :( I hate this day including Pacman.
@mojomable I'm in season five...around episode 6 or 7...and I'm starting to like Will Bailey. But I feel like I'm cheating on Sam Seaborn :(
doesn't want it be hot this week :(
new computer. installing all my games. takes too long :(
miserable. college is so not my thing. midterm :( peace&amp;&amp;lovelovelove.
@poohward13 oh no! Was it due to the issue from a couple weeks ago? :(
I don't feel like going to bed yet although I know I should; there's no one to chat with. :(
i feel them coming but they just wont come :(
@Jimbochay It was me.  It wasn't doo doo. Quite possibly dirt or a bug. Just not a raisinet. :(
Gosh, I can never imagine losing part of my family. My heart goes out to the Cook family right now :(
I find it sad everytime I see the previews for the last season of Monk. :( I love that show!
everyone saw it. i didn't :(
Can't seep...... :(
@VanessaMP Yea, tell me about it :-(   It's frustrating!   Thanks for the message, I'll let her know in case she doesn't log on! :-)
Good news: Clothes are done in the dryer and I can go to bed.  Bad news: It's Monday :(
i suddenly miss my college friends. :(
Wishing I could talk to my sis. :(
Is wondering why shes still up. I just cant sleep. :(
...I don´t like Mondays!!! :-(
@Leilani Oh :( I wish I could help you feel better *hugs*
@reallyradhalie @reallyradhalie fol :( ah let's get ice cream
My computer is broken :( #fb
burnt to a crisp :(
@shalinique  Hopefully its not the flu :(
Just back from the wound care center, the 2 wounds on my lower leg are getting larger. I go back tomorrow.  :(
@tapjazzballet45 i guess we missed you! :(  WELL HAVE AN AMAZING TRIP!!! WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!:D
just woke up, had a horrible dream and now I'm up :(
&quot;if I had it my way, I'd turn the car around &amp; runaway, just you &amp; I&quot;...phone calls that produce tears aren't the best :(
headed to bed with minimal study progress on the day...i may need an intervention where my tv addiction is concerned.  :(
are there any NZ #joomla user groups? I feel lonely :-(
@allyxox lol yeah i threw up the other night after smoking so i looked it up and apparently i developed an allergy to nicotine :(
Stupidlly I just hade to choose the Anaheim - Detroit game to be the one I would see to the end. Finished in the begínning of OT3 :(
@CityMommySLC Here in SC it is a cold spring break!  Hubby just called it is snowing 2 hours away :(
@jenscloset Good for you!  I think I'll live the rest of my life driving a mini van :(
Is home! Almost started crying when saying goodbye to Ricardo. :(
@trishutup you call me! i dont wanna interrupt the last night with nilla :(
@iamjonathancook I will MOST DEFINITELY support that! I hate when a twitter gets cut off :-(
Dont ya just hate when your eye gets itchy... then you itch it... and now it hurts :( On a lighter note... uhhhhh... It was sunny today?
@tehAnde bb, me too :( fiallllll we need to do something exciting!
Everyone please think good thoughts or pray for my husband as he is very sick. :(
@OMGLaurasHot so what happen! I can't sleep :(
what a night :( what a week :(  actually looking forward to monday and a new week... :(
@txteacher626 those are probably mine :( me sad.
don't have time or access to trade atm :( #forex
is annoyed that Cincy is a Delta hub. I can never get good fares. :(
@Coatney just depressed the hell out of me. &quot;You started the same day as @Biz, right?' 'Yes.' 'Sorry you manage me and he's on Colbert.' :(
@njslaughter have you cleaned out your followers yet? Did I make it? lol Just kidding. have a good night.um.(looks @ clock) good morning? :(
Ready to go to sleep! Really hate going to school on a Monday. Oh well :( :(
@librarycat513 thanks... What happened to tom's vent? It's no more :(
@RoamingGnome74 yeah, the hawks definatly deserve it. Too bad the bulls didn't win :(
we actually did a 3 day trip; covering around 80 kms a day. But to plan one in May is a bad idea; you get tired real fast :-(
@David_Kaufer I hvnt had wine while I was sick :( a lukewarm shower did me good tho!Mmm ice cream.I do have a klondike hiding I'm the fridge
@brittyhaynes mmm I bet homemade hummus is tasty! But bummer--at any store in eugene there are like 20 varieties of hummus! You have 0 :(
climbed for 4hrs from Beppu,found Irish countryside. nowhere to stop for pics tho :(
bamboozle is over. sad. staying didn't end up working out. :( thank u to everyone who helped me look for plane tix! driving home tomorrowww.
today was so tiren :( cant stop but have to keep going
ugh this is taking forever :-(
Another Boring Monday !! Is there anyway to Skip this every week :(
after only sleeping 1 hour last night, dont know how I am going to survive work today :(
home, trying to unwind, my baby girl had her first prom :-( I missed it, daddy took great pictures! glad to be home, got my puppies too!!!
@ecctv That hack kinda ruins the purpose of the game imo, Im disappointed in you, my fellow conan lover :(
I decided to be nice to my mum and she was a total bitch back :( and I believe she has my laptop &amp; internet
is just awake from sleep  http://bit.ly/mBoDj I know I feel not very well today :(
@simonkirkman :-( we won 2-1 bloody needed it hey!! X
Morning tweeters. It's a bank holiday here in the UK so naturally I'm wide awake and up already (yet another night of very little sleep :-(
: thought assembling Ikea stuff would be like Lego. Turns out I need a hammer and screwdriver. Looks like my dad's working on it instead :(
i'm tired! so many activities!  :(
is missing her Luke more than she thought was possible :( Roll on 5pm!
vacation just ended :(
was supposed to go to work at 5 in the morning not 5 in the evening :(
This really sucks not being able to get to sleep :(
is back at work :-(
I could use some blue cow right now :(
don't have enough followers :( Come on tweets, join the bandwagon!
I want a golden retriever puppy!! soooo cute!! damn i really want one... :(
@vtknitboy yeah. I called her mom-mom. :(
is so bored and her body aches :(
@oliviamunn too bad the internet radio version was 90% commercials :(
@Percephene I copied that from Google.  :(
Goin to bed sad... :(
The library is under construction, annoying sounds everywhere :( got my score this morning, and it's pretty good, 97 !(I'm surprised.)
OMG! I HATE YOU :( @JessiRangel
@purplepleather Another short trip!!! Coming tomorro...leaving Tuesday!! :(
Extremely eventful weekend. Pity it's ended. :( G'nite twitter... lots of things to do tomorrow.
I just remembered that I wanted to be a vocalist for Cirque du Soleil. I miss that dream. :(
@melster_yo I'll tell u about it later :( not via twitter haha ok LOL
Is finally in bed hair looks amazing gotta look good for my dreams ;) never know who will be in them :D Jermy on one knee...ok maybe not :(
Waiting tram :(
It's so empty here without him :(
Im crying. Argh. I hate crying. :(
I've been sick all day, sore throat, sore chest sore everything :(
Super ill :(
what is religion? 3 exams out of 7 done so far. studies of religion is next :(
wants some saltwater taffy :( http://plurk.com/p/rolv0
Sometimes we just forget totally who we are.... :(
Haven't been this upset in forever :(
@shaundiviney and why is ur tickets going on sale a bad thing? u ended that tweet in a :( wb x
@DavidArchie ugh I need to go back to bed. I hate insomnia :( hope u find something good for breakfast!
Ok, I suppose I should go to bed.  Apparently SSR filters don't like my face.  :-(
was trying to sleep early because i'm getting sicker :( but felt the urge to write something ... scratchy draft http://tinyurl.com/d8te9e
why oh why is bible college so confussing...... :(   i dont get it :(
hopefully going to get a mani...then some schoolwork.......so behind :(
Just got Florida spring football game email. Sad I never made it to one, and that I can't go this year either :(
sorry guys, i can't follow you all for the moment cause i hit the limit :(
@Radioblogger :( I was just imagining Hugh reacting to 99 Problems... But if he didn't know Kill The Wabbit, I doubt he knows hip-hop #hhrs
sunstroked out :( yesterday took its toll. 2nd time in 6 weeks.. and thurs onwards is Indonesia. shd be fun !
*yawns* going to bed to wrap up an amazing weekend!  Back to the proverbial grind tomorrow :(
@mjasono I was trying to text someone but accidentally sent it to Twitter instead. Crisis, I know. :(
@iamjonathancook I have been up for 5 hours :(
bad idea: an xml DRM wrapper around a perfectly fine interface like a file system. if the system was open i would not have lost my songs :(
Sleep now. Out of smokes. :(
@bwilmes Santorini, Greece.... For sure.  I'm going there someday soon.   I need to get another Passport though.  Mine was stolen.  :(
@crazybrave link no good unless you are signed in as a customer :(
is watching tv..tryin to bore myself to sleep...just not the same without my husband here :(
to bed at last...little cleaning tonight done due to our obsession with Fringe! Caught up on episodes now so have no excuse for tomorrow :(
@carambs - i hope it's not in my morning transpo. i took the bus :(
@stephenkruiser oh :( my sympathies. it's a hard decision. i always hope my old border collie will go in her sleep. she's 14 too. *hug*
@Unxpect ya I'm shaking I hate earthquakes little one means bigger ones coming..can I come over? :-(
@Spitphyre I have 200 pages to go and am hooked.. he goes away from her life?? nooo :(
how I wish google chrome had RSS discovery... I hate opening another browser to find the feed :(
someone write my teamwork reflective piece for me PLEASE... its killing me :(
can't sleep... he is too anxious about his new job starting tomorrow and too worried about his best friend who means the world to him. :(
@sarahbatty 2 :( and raining
finally done wih all coursework! but have exams to get over with...before summer starts :(
Downside too being up all night is all the infomercials. Watched one for some door Pullup thing, my fat ass can't even do a pullup :(
Tummy all better. I think I should be working on my English SAC plan. arrggg. and wishing I had more pokemon :(
Is very tired. :(
Just got woken up by the stupid cat! He came in and practicly sat on my face lolol :(
I wanna go to the mall! Haha. Pretty bored right now.. :( i just wish i can sleep!
#Gmail is very ropey for me today :-(
oh gawd thats right Dungy retired from the Colts :(  i'll miss him... he was a great h.coach
i have to finalise a project by tommorw :( too busy today
Going to work... :(
Lovely weather here. Oh no, it's pissing down. :( Our planned BBQ may not have been a good idea. Oh well, time to fire up the cooker.
@j_kmrprez yeah I want be able to until next year!&quot; :(
UGHHHHHHHHHHHHH i just got done working :(
Morning all, got to do some revision today :-( stupid exams!
Heading off to Londonderry - on my Bank Holiday - for another week away. :-(
@xmarkmac TFTT. I'm making a backup first. I don't have anymore emails from 2009. :(
@natalietran aw man :( i thought you meant life partner.
@rashkath No examples yet :( but I am going to try it out with the students next term!
@Misssarahnoir thank you! Yeah it's a compultion I think! I'm at home now! Was gunna go and sleep but better get back into a routine! :( xXx
RT @SierraVE: Watching The rise and fall of Danity Kane :( I'll miss you guys. Couldn't of said it better myself
none of my friends have twitter :(
@jessymar HAHA it's horrible :( I think my lack of sleep makes me cranky :o
@tokiwartooth Sorry to hear that sweetie. :(
@MuMelMauS thanks babe. The ops for the cancer :( hope it goes well. How r u? xoxo
Aw the end of Tough Love was disappointing, nobody's love worked out. :(
@Buildabear96 sounds very relaxing. A much better day than mine.. I worked :(
it's 1:21 am, still doin the essay, i gotta wake up around 6 am then 8 am class :( what a day ahead of me
@AussieKatieKat but it's such a pretty getup! did you enjoy the #pawparty? My people were doing people stuff... :(
headache wont go away :(
http://twitpic.com/4ja61 - The Smootcher Tiki. God rest her soul :(
@hellonhairylegs Me too. Tired from lugging around library books, shopping. And new YUME isn't up yet :(
@LiberaReggio The pictures and video in the media break my heart.  It's just devastating to think so many hurt, dead, and homeless! :(
Whyyyyyy did I develop a severe case of insomnia the past 2 nights?? ...exhausted, totally miserable, and hating my allergies :(
twitter, twitter, little tweet, i pray the lord my soul to keep... i guess the wolverine is not the coolest kid in town :(
@ojtibi @JimAyson I didn't like the pop version, sorry Martin :(
says wahh +0.01, does that means that I'm reaching the +0.01 level? I hope not so fast. :( http://plurk.com/p/rp1xg
welcome to another sunny bank holiday :(
Is it bedtime yet? *whimpers* There isn't one bit of me that doesn't ache...including my ears. :(
@hrrrthrrr well i am all the over in the UK and i had to wake up :-(
no hospital is gonna save you from a broken heart :(
Oh... I'm just boring... :(
@gryzzygrynd I havent been able to get computer access since my teensy laptop shit on me! :( I will see it soon. And who could NOT miss THIS
The only problem i have with yoga is that you feel really weak when you stop for a few days cos of work :(  I wanna yoga and be energized!
i think i love you... :(
is avoiding going to bed so she doesnt have to wake up and go to the dentist :(
@Dutchrudder yeah, I was able to get in but I'm trying to retrieve my contacts and my last backup was this past one where I'm locked out. :(
Holy crap it's cold :(
@socko83 love you, brother!  miss you.  i texted you, but you didn't answer.  :(
Damn it, now I can't sleep! :( I need my nappy time so I don't sleep at all tonight.
I could quite happily stay in bed today with my sore throat :( What a waste of a bank holiday!
Great long-weekend so far :-)  Going for a run now - no Judo tonight :-( Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
@fishoutoforder when the latest ffx beta broke compatibility between tree style and tabmix I had to choose :(
Standing between me &amp; spring break: 6 days, filing taxes (I owe :( ), end of term and figuring out grades, dentist today...
says today is not my day. :( http://plurk.com/p/rp6fe
@keza34 yup. Need good grades so need to revise :(
it's snowing :( i'm off too school now.I start my intensive gym class today, so i'm at school until 9!
Note to self and whoever else: DO NOT injure knees, it HURTS :( oh well gotta keep on with the necessary stuff! Xo NIGHTTT
was hoping for a lie-in, but my mama ji (uncle) called and needs help moving stuff to his new house :(
@TweetPhoto Neither of my photo posts worked: email nor direct from 'cputer. :(
@lokeuei there goes my daily dose of coke :-(
Again Decentralized :-(
Raining... :(
@stephenfry All I get is &quot;damn you're white&quot;. Even in winter :(
homework on a bank holiday what a joke,i should still be in bed :(
just woke up from a 10 hour nap. i was shooting for 2. this is why i rarely nap. it never works. :(
I am doing fuck all at the moment, I am lost in twitterworld looking for my followers :-(
@taylorswift13 I was supposed to see you on the 6th, but tickets sold out just as I was going to buy them!! :(
Feeling really shitty. Researching popular support for the Holocaust while being repeatedly attacked is not helping. :(
@taylorswift13 oh say hello to me!!! I miss London and England :-(
@katsun it was good I can't find the user who posted the link :(
Garry's having a fab time at the Festival Hall - 2 performances successfuly completed and the Cocqs rocked. Heading back home tonight :-(
@SBaddison7 DOHHHHH... GOSH that sounds good right now, even though it's 2:24 A.M. (LOL).. but I didn't eat dinner last night, either! :-(
I've been I'm Germany for 7 months, learning German by osmosis isn't working as well as I had hoped. Time to crack a book :(
@posh_josh49 i'm glad!! i think i have pig flu now though.. i'm breaking out in rashers... :(
I am STILL working on my paper. I have one page left. :(
is looking forward to the may day gala, but its raining :(
Like my MySpace song says, when you feel you're down... forget about it, stand tall &amp;don't let anyone bring you down! Goodnight :(
is leaving Cornwall and heading to bristol airport :(
On the way to the hospital. :(
@Smaulren Ricotta &amp; spinach Agnolotti? I always overcook that cos I get distracted by the TV, but I &lt;3 that pasta! Shame it tasted bad :(
i love you so, marchio :(
Working! even on a bank holiday :-(
writing my class assembly yuck - seriously I know they are good for kids but just so much extra work (this is number 2 btw) :(
strike that feel absolutely terrible... :( got loads 2 do n i feel ridiculously shit. this aint even funny :(
I just ripped off my Hannah Montana band-aid. It hurt. :(
Some people annoy me ssoooo much. Last night was so long, I'm so tired :(
I feel like ive been hit by a tonne of bricks. really upset all of a sudden. :(
has got the sniffles :(
im going to be in about 2 or 3 more plays this year :(
@nessie111 Thanks! I'm good ta. I'm not sure if I like the pic. Just noticed my slightly receeding hairline :-( xx
I'm worried :(
not ready to wake up :(
@lesley007 just probs with my throat my own fault really. i smoke when u go out and my throat and tonsils cant handle it no more :(
Good morning everyone!. Don't think i can go swimming today because it's bank holiday, it might be closed so i'm staying in, again :(
@shaunarawrr_x we arent going to win :(
am very jealous of all you having a lay in this bank hol, ive been at work since 7 :(
@iamSwitz ewwww, RT is gross :(
and the cat smacks me around till I get and feed her on another beautiful rainy day :(
really broke. havent been this broke since lasts child support bill.. :(
I remember like it was yesterday .. I miss you :(
@TIFFANYPOLLARD I didn't catch you either :( ! See ya!!
yay for getting woken up at 5:30 in the morning... :(
AHHHH just realised i have 2 possible 1.5 hour shows next week - being sick sucks now :(
worried about the things may come on July 1st......&quot;i don't wanna pack my bags...cause i'm not ready to go!&quot;... :(
@MeiNg i thk she finished using the one that tiffy gave her..now she's giving warning to us ...buy her a new one.. :(
It's 5:31 am in Peru , and i havent finished my HW yet :(
@MrsMcFlyGrimmy Nope didnt get any. :(
:(  2 orders to fill, on a roll.  Out of oxygen and no way to go into Tel Aviv with tanks till the end of the week.  Not good.
My excitement at having so many followers has been lessened when 3 of them have been suspended from Twitter... :(
so today, i thought i was off too town, to get a new webcam, but it turns out, im getting dragged on a bikeride! hmf! :(
Budget is supposed to come in 10% below our proposal for this fiscal year. What I'm looking at now is 1% over. :(
Bored at my dayjob. :(
wheeey mcfly was AMAAZING,both times :D actually so fun,my voice is gone now though :(
@ollieRelph Yah. wrong way! :-(
@Magicbert I know, especially with this! :(
Darn! I seriously think there's no session tday. I went and d room was dark. Gah, must emaik d person :( wasted trip.
feeling under the weather and wishing I were in bed with the dogs :(
It's gonna be a long agonizing Tuesday. :(
It's sooo hot!!! :(
Coffee at Micky Dees is no longer Frees :(
kinda peeved that all my pop is gone... i dont get alot of luxuries in life right now, and everyone drank my pop while i was gone :(
Back to work day :( am I too young to just to ahead and retire?
I hate not sleeping b/c all i do is think &amp; ovverthink every situation possible...ugh it's annoying :-(
@joycemercedes reminds me, I still have work to do. :( Dam.
There will be messy weather later on in the afternoon. Having the cloudy weather really isnt any better at all though. :(
@SethApollo what..? how come? :( aweee im sorry!
@Jrny2Past Kia!!! have a safe flight. lex n i will miss you :( have fun in korea and stay out of trouble. love ya!
AHH I have school tomorrow. :(
ahhh crap! i'm coming down with the flu! :(
im fill a little better yay pian in my fucking chest :( love you so much matt XD
needs sum good TLC :(
@amazingphoebe you just did phoebe lolol hang on a sec :(
Ahhhh.  It's below 60.  Great sleepin weathr but got 2 getup &amp; pull weeds.  :-(
Watching good news week aparently twitterr isn't cool anymore :(
dont get how to use twitter :(
Fighting a losing battle with the evil known as insomnia :(
Podcasts are super but they don't leave much time for listening to music. :-(
@lugowski oh man, that sucks :( be safe ! x
home :( I love week nights with my beautifull girfriend
Ready now! Early today, got the dentist at 3 :(
@Pink still hoping I can get decent tix 2 1 of ur melb shows. ur all shows r all sold out : (
@simon316 omg i h8 u i want a baccon butty :( EVIL lol
Need to hoover but really hurt my shoulder :( Wearing my Mr. Messy men's shirt today...designed for a man but whatever - Mr. Messy is pink!
doesn't like the look of the weather and would rather stay at home doing nothing :(
knocked out :(
wat the hell's goin on wid my printer???/ :(
@atulsabnis :-( all the best!
i hate when my shuffle knows how im feeling :( ... sad songs come on when you dont necessarily want it &gt;:(
is really really not a happy bunny :-(
I'm still in bed and I'm sick :( Updates on www.ifuseekmusic.com later today..
UpdatingFFE. :( That gives me nothing to do for a good twenty minutes!
@cel_xox naaw yesh i kno u were :(
@DavidArchie haha hotels always try to rip you off :( i like the ones with free yogurttttt
Can't believe someone who came to our house Stole my Jag leather purse! People are so dishonest. :(
Another day of school :( Let's just get passed these couple of weeks
had an awesome Wappu and now trying to study maths and failing hard at it :(
@kirstysmac nope, but should this week. they were interviewing last week too. I'm not so positive as time goes by :(
@justjaz Hehe, yeah I guess that's the thing about enjoying your work. It's a rather fine line between work and play. :(
Can't sleep :( i have forever before i need to be at school.
Another fine Coast Guard Day! Sike. :(
@xloveablefreak ughhh, that's true :( i'm really mad rite now..
its just another manic monday...why does monday have to be my long day at work :( grrrrrrr
why does it gata be so cold :(
I'm headed to work! :(
@I100 I'm not sure :( I think so, but the ATP ranking system is so weird to me, that I'm really not sure!
Im havin a teary cos i hit ny neighbours trailor :(
...I thought my sister told him we were meeting Mom at McDonalds. Vice versa. :(
is a misunderstood bitch :(
wishing i was in LA right now. also trying to fit a new song in before i head off to bed. it's not going too great :(
You may have won this time but next time I will not succumb. http://www.apple.com/getamac/ads/ I want my mommy! :(
(blinding headache = paracetamol + soya latte) therefore I survived only 7hrs of detox :(
@NikkiHamlett Don't remind me! still got some work to do :( and no its not code, just a line from forgetting sarah marshall haha
sore tired and i REALLY dont wanna go 2 school 2day :( ughh
left headphone dead. :(
@roiben unless it is being a pain in the arse like it currently is. :-(
Lunch time, but i'm working :(
@isewcute yummy!!  but sorry, no idea about packaging :(
What A Great Start To The Holidays Im ILL :(
[twistory.net] Good App!but  risk exposing yr privacy  all in  one : (    u can get  some  valuable competitive intelligence of one guy : )
FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKING STOMACH, hurts soooo badd. :( fml.
:( ....Want Australia on my iPod....Can't find a download..... :'(
i am still working :(
Setting off to #JuggleCon 2, hope it's not rained off, if it is I've been told it's a Trafford Centre trip :(
i wish i was in sheffield :(
Just noticed wordpress doesn't let me upload zip files :-( Any good recommendations for long-term storage of my #tdd #ddddscot slide stack?
On my way to school. Boo :(
@whitelight007 :( I don't want to die.
We had such a beautiful day on saturday but now it is about to rain... I want the sun back :(
@alitrad but they might come round again, i felt bad that day had to pay fot it to get fixed :(
AHHH poowww Jedsi!  I;m not coming to school cause i have a noroligist opointment in New Jerey or something like that. :-( ?Frankie
fell over in Blackpool yesterday, messed up my knee, ripped my new jeans and hurt my ankle :( not happy.
@TraceyHewins goodness! I'm sure it's all the fresh air I got yesterday. I get bad hayfever :(
@solangeknowles wish I could come! Do you have just one show in Germany? :-(
Making homework :(
@allergydad Cooking getting harder. Allergic to all legumes &amp; now looks like all squash. Started when 1yo adding new ones all the time. :(
Don't wanna go to school.... Really bad weather is suppose to be happenin soon and i hatttte it! :(
Gahh, I just spilt hot chocolate all down my top and burnt myslef a bit :(
i want to live closer to hilsborough :(
@rachmurrayX i bet it will :(
is not looking forward to school tomorrow :(
Just realized she doesn't get to go to any of the revival bc of a dang scholarship thing &amp;&amp; work. :(
@Queen_Penelope hey well we shall talk Soon I feel the same : (
I DON'T WANT TO GO TO SCHOOL!!!! People are mean there... :( Except my friends... xD And don't forget : Sometimes, I sleep in my sleep! xD
is pissed at her boyfriend who's being a jerk :(
is missing my son :( wish this foolishness would stop and he would come home :(
I think Family Guy jumped the shark by having lauren conrad on the show..i'm very disappointed :(
@amieewhitney Lol xD They should make them in her size! Im ok danke apart from waking up with a headache today! Goin bk to uni later :(
sitting in class bored as hell!!! :(
@iluvjbonly awesome!!! I love guitar... But I can't play it... : (
http://twitpic.com/4jh2b - Dodgeball. the big kids... too bad I have to sit out :(
i feeeeeeeeeeeeeeeel really really cold. :( but, i found my superman tshirt - yay!
@diaryofabadman  nice to see u have a goal today :(
missing Lianne :( wondering why she hasnt been online in days...
And so begins another week.  I just wish it wasn't so ugly outside :(
@Les_Berry i don't drink beer...call me when you get to sf.seriously u can stay with me if you want...except Sam..lol..leaving at 1.. :(
@ellie_bites If only I were in Melbourne :( That would be so rad to do.
@_faeriequeen Im watching Shakespeare In Love. Also loving the breeches and silk! Was craving Joseph after not seeing him in Chi :(
@guernically what?! :( that's lonely. when will you be home??
@Hate1990 Oh is it totally fucked? :(
@eeUS we didn't get a chance to say good bye! :( I think you were off searching 4 your camera. hope you had a good trip home-need 2 catch up
wishes days didn't involve doing things.  There's not a thingless day in sight.  :(
leaving to new orleans, don't want to, and then to cape town, that in 4 days  :(
@llef dial-up, ewww, didn't know people were still on that. :(
I just got my first fail whale... :( @Twitter.
@bytchylilthing Awww honey feel better!  :(
OpenCV and C++ are driving me mad :(
@MDSteelerGal no. Because i didnt wanna eat them by myself...*thinking bout those jeans* :(
@JonellG I write music--mostly worship &amp; soul (yeah 2 dif genres, lol). I also sing a lil bit. I miss singn...it's bn a min. :-(
@RockBandAide hehe, yep. I fail at 85/86% every single time. A shame. :(
Drinking coffee trying to get motivated to go get shots for school :(
English Revision :(
spend a damn hour with whole damn panic.. damn! :(
@andyparry are we in the basement yet? i've just remembered i need to iron a shirt  :( also notice you overtaken me in Fantasy football!
the white loop doesn't run during summer session. and the blue loop doesn't run on weekends during summer session. wtf. :(
I'm back at work but probably should be at home resting my voice! it hasnt quite recovered yet :(
Just passed my final yaaay! Def studied hard...now I have to find out if my 1st show is cancelled or not :(
Man... taxes suck.  I'm horrified that i did something wrong on them.  TurboTax decided to keep around a lot of the stuff I turned off.  :(
Has started the dreaded revision, despite still having three assignments to get done as well :( Less than a month and ill be done!!!!
@vicariousills i hope so:( cos the course is paid for :(
arrrg. tiff had a super bad night. we're at the ER getting her checked on. :(
stuying commercial law ALL DAY :(
@DesiznTech yep, still a student :( will be off school soon I hope haha
@FaeQueen omg thats horrible :( I hope the rest of your day gets better I hope the geese is ok
Finals today :(
has a really bad headache..or should say a neck ache..gahh and im nauseated. this sucks :(
so early wish I was still sleeping but can't while my wife is at work :(
@ericarhodes16 Im not really Taylor Lauter, so I wouldn't know. I'm sorry. :(
says Morning World! Missing everyone already, but now it's time for class :-( (cozy)Safe travel to you all!... http://plurk.com/p/rr3uq
just back from a run and i am fecked!  another 8 hours of planning ahead of me...woopydoo!! :-(
@Shar_ds @cazm I'm not going to make it :( way way to ill....
too much working made me get sick :(
disappointed he missed the new Star Trek last night. :(
@dougiemcfly doug wens the falling in love single out emma sed its out today but i cant find it :(
my day at the baltic: http://linoleumknife.blogspot.com/  no i did not see any vikings :(
@MisfitGeek I know the feeling. I gave up, so to speak, and bought a Hornady LnL reloader, but even those are backordered :(
Today is Monday :(
Looks like I'm not going to the gym &gt;&gt; sulks :( a little bit
You know what fucking sucks? Putting down your 16 year old dog. Miss you Indy boy :(
now i have to practise for orchestra...100000 sheets for just one little clarinet :(
@emily_jane it's english and photography work. such a mish :(
just thought about something...@soverall12  please don't bring the swine flu with you!!! :(
@itsallgoood wats wronggg?? :-(
Haha dat sad me don't tinkz she minez either. And me seed da alez bennet but was on da phone!   :(
Filthy dirty wrong Paris, I do not wish to see old men peeing outside my hotel :(
has a sore throat and a lot of studying to do before 1:00 :(
Someone give me moneey :( Cash Card Balance: Php 0.00 :| :( How sad is that?
is feeling a little sad today- no reason why-just am. :-(  Its going to be a long day.
@radrew sorry to hear about that man, onto other ventures i guess. It has gone downhill I'm afraid to say :(
Is the biggest hobo of all time :(
poor people where got hit by the tornado :(
Boring bank holiday, it's raining and i have loads of washing to do. Poor me :(
@thenlesley heyy I want meggy home too! :( don't 4get me!
Its raining here in Delhi..just that i got drenched at the last moment :(
Time to assemble my ALDI BBQ - so many screws - so much fewer than the manual says I should have :(
my phones not working :(
ow headache go waaaaaaaaay :(
I hate bein home alone :(
@varniee BUT I'M TIIIIRED! :( you cruel girl.
miss waking up to my kiera :(
@rgdiaz oh my gosh...not a great way to start the week :(
Has lots of mosquito bites :-(
@nigel89 awww lol. I have talked to tom from mcfly 3 times and no reply :S lol weather is shit here too  :(
OMG its raining here and my back is in agony :( i need meds but hate hate hate taking them :( ugh
in school :( why do we have no break for like 5 weeks? i would like to know... HOPING for phone today. it is a necesity!
studying for spanish....as ALWAYS!! Exam at 3:10 :( At least I get pizza today at the Senate meeting! yay
Is sitting here waiting for my carpool :(
worried about the apps :(
@heylegz Yes girl you did. I saw it on the Today show with my own two little green eyes. :-(
Was expecting post today. So far, no sign. :(
is ready for a busy week......aww man. weekend happened too fast. sad face :(
@aznkiiim sad i didn't see you :( i'm literally CONVINCED that tent was a phantom.
Last day @ Disney :(
@nicolearevalo Aw honey, I'm sorry. @caseylee didn't sleep very well last night either. :(
Sick at home :(
@veronicalynnn boozle withhhdrawwwllss, we should of stocked up on kazoozles. i fucking hate pennsylvania :(
counting the days til school starts.. i am scaaaaaared!!! :( though a lil excited.. haha
CAN'T BELIEVE SAMI IS LEAVING ANFIELD :-(
Thinking about this whole  f....ing life :(
I have a migraine! :(
Doesn't want to go home. :(
apart from that I have a colorlovers account which I totally ignore for the past 3 months :(
@Moonlightbay I'm not invited :(
The start of another long boring day at blockbuster. :(
Leaving San Juan to head back to NC. :-( What a great #shoptoearn weekend!
Mondays are just not my thing :-(
@sumopanda It could be worse. You could not have had coffee at all this morning. :(
@Nightpool I have a 5:30 to 8 class or I would :(
I have so much to do this weekend my head's going to fall off! What a crappy week to have your birthday :(
@HollaWalla  Dude I don't know :( Im already lightheaded from no carbs - lololol
and I'm tireeeeeeeeed :( and watching bizzare E.R.
What about me :( i want Nasty Nate
Yup, Jr's collarbone is broken :-( I can tell he is in a lot of pain. We are staying in tonight to care for him and clean up the house
@laurification it can be really annoying :( they should've put it to 200 or something instead..
this is horrible... i have no self control when it comes to food :(
http://twitpic.com/4w17b - today I mourn the little birdy that fell from his nest outside my house :(   (warning... graphic pucture)
Just seen some of the most disgusting shit on the internet. Ugh. I feel depraved and corrupted :(
nursing my broken black and blue toe :( ouch... http://twitpic.com/4w1c7
My company moved us all to either T-Mobile or Verizon. Regardless, cell phone access to social sites like Twitter has been removed.  :-(
Yao is out for the playoffs :(
@asinkujobear aww I sorry :(
@mandyva I think it might actually be a fail :( I just noticed it was a kid size
@ASacco almost, but still about 2 months short. I got mine Nov.21 and even with the annual upgrade I would still have to wait. :(
Now I'm playing Sims Pinball in the Bang Back rm if you wanna come in &amp; chat w/ me. http://bit.ly/Ap0g8 And Cubs are behind 4-2. :(
Watching Gilmore Girls on Soap Net... I still have my cold.. and now sound like a man! :( boo!
http://twitpic.com/4w3bh - I shouldn't have eaten that :(
@Area224 No - house Cab. :( Poor baby wasn't even stained with good wine.
@mom2twinsplus1 Back in traffic where shiz happens. :-( @jen_niffer
[Ouch!] RT @iamkatz: RT@ randymatheson: Jaw dropping photos of environmental pollution &gt; http://bit.ly/j2kZ5 :-(
lost my crystal stud necklace :( feeling so bare at my neck nowwwwwwwww!
i'm off to KK today..so sad.. :(
Eye of the tiger stuck in my head :(
@samtheman67 bored cavs are on so sam is too busy for me :(
Turning in my phone soon &amp; going to bed' need to make it through one or two more days hopefully. Missing talking to Sam tonight : ( 2
Still 45 minutes before my flight takes off... Going through my mails and stuff, I am really bored :(
On my way to my own house :(
I loved Nick saying about the broccoli &quot;some of your best work&quot; to his mom - he looked so truly upset about the movies :(
Also, bullying stories hit way too close to home :(
@michelleele lol i knowwwww! i'm so tired now though :(
@tigerwhispers :( i hope they stop the screaming and fighting...
@crystalnieves I screamed and cheered enough for us both... To no avail, sadly :(
Missing my truck.  :(
@halophoenix nope. :( worst thing is i don't know how to prevent it really.. :(
@drjenny88 YAY! About the dissertation thing. Not the killing thing :( BUT YAY! it's dooone!
I just got totally schooled in Thumb War :(
hating this weekend.. i'm so unproductive. :(
Every guy from Forever wednesday is so get but their music sucks. So sad :(
im sickk.!!!!! :( it suckkss should i eat chicken noodle soup.? i want to but im too lazyy to get upp..ggrrr..
@bunnymousekitt stephen fry is awesome :D and hey! we're following the same amount of people! only...you haz more followers :(
@nickycakes I really hope this isn't the real album :(
@failchad what do you mean?  i was just saying hi to you. sorry :(
@l0rddavid ah, but I hate running. :( oh well. Beauty is pain. And I have to buy tickets by the 19th- will you know by then?
@abeeken Trust me, they've tried that before! (well, maybe not an aeroplane) got home and all my veg had been dug up :(
When am I ever going to need to know half the stuff in the risk notes? Still not finished the essays either : (
@kateevs i dont either its just all i have left in my kitchen :(
chillin at my aunts house... and i feel very alone :(
bestfriend is reallllly mad at me. stupid panic attacks make me mean. :(
@autylynne I have still yet to see marie ationette....fail :(
everyone has someone to tweet at but me.  :(
@bLAcnic I know... u don't luv me no more that's y u don't be hittin me :(
@lauren_rawr It's 65 :(  My subscription ends May 15th. Noooooo! I need money :'(
@Athena_goddess I've been severley plagued by thunderstorms lately so no 'putie time for me.  :(
App Loader is taking a long to update... :(
@sabi_11 and i won't be :( lunch was sprung on us.
@mikeyway Nike make their shoes with slave labour :(
Yo dats wack I just got out the shower I'm sittin on my bed naked wat next :( niggas r crazzzyyyy!!! Lol..where's my plans son! Lol blahh!!
I WANT MY BOO!!! :( HE NEVER CALLED BACK SO WE COULD CELEBRATE MY GRADUATION!! :(
@the_real_shaq Yao = Rik Smits :(
Just so everyone knows, Dreamcast stll works after all these years,  although I can't find my digital cables only my analog :(
I've been thinking of dying my hair either or black. My friends promise to revoke my dyeing privileges if I try it. :(
@livnenna I know how it feels specially when you have a shower and the hot water is finished :-( that happened to me today
ok...i'm sleepy but i'm trying to stay up. :(
feeling like shit now that Yao is out for the playoffs :(
@john_henry I really wish I could.  That's part of the crappy. :(
This Food Vendor Is Sucking a Big Freakin bamboo...Down their Throat. Such a Effin irritating Menu are they preparin these days. :( :( :(
@dealady hahaha congrats yaa, i didnt dream about J tonight :(
I'm so sad to be graduating. :(
@RoyalBlueStuey Haha. Little scared of the public stage eh? I love it. I like to travel, just don't get a chance to do it very often. :(
@shonuffarty  you should have come!  :-(
@destiniya I'm gone! :( I don't know when I'll be back, either... at least 4 months, but it could be up to 14!
chatting online w old frnd. just heard the saddest news about some1 that was/is a very special frnd :( I hope he comes back 2 us.
@RelleY808 have a great time! Wish I was there :-(
@SITTINGINTHEBAC well, that's the thing you can't :(
Shoulda went to Hannah's :(
@Harlanbee then you will never see me :(
royals just lost 1-0 with Greinke on the mound, his first loss of the season. :(
i want him back :( it hurts without him. :(  hmm. . . youtube is hilarious. haha.
is too exhausted to take another shower before bed. :( definitely lovedd watchin bron-bron play tonight though ;-) mmmm.
Supposes 2b in dekalb w/my English lovlies but I just found out I've got 2 get up @ 6 a.m. no friend time 2nite :(
@helenaanneh umm just going out to lunch with family. but ahh i am so tired :( wbu babe?
@playaharmonica me too :( why are we at school...
Driving BACK to LA to pick up mom and dad :( in Los Angeles, CA http://loopt.us/xgufKw.t
Having goodbye dinner w @MTjewels and our girl Ten-Hi - going to miss my friends :(
Is havin a good time at the wedding but my bestie is really sick :( hope she gets better
Sicker than shit....I hate my life for real :(
ahhhhhhh work I hate you. I'm not getting out until like 2 am :(
Sore head, sore feet, sore neck ok so my whole body is just sore :(
@bonnerfide sleepy as all get out but doesn't want to get off the net. Did you ever get a chance to listen to the song? Probably not. :(
was v/chatting with @jochangnj but @robaan stole her :( and i really do thing @katiespence should go on aim... that is all.
Why do the doctors that I choose always take forever?!?!  I hate waiting...it's been 30 mins already :-(
I tried to use telepathy to get him to text me but so far I have failed miserably. Maybe because he isn't thinking about me at all? : (
@JackAllTimeLow are you enjoying the tour? i wish i could see you guys in australia, melbourne but parents won't let me :(
I feel sick my allergies smh who wants to take care of me :(
Hates 3OH!3, but can't help but find &quot;Don't Trust Me&quot; as catchy. :(
im going to be missing out on all the cool mello parts i got moved to baritone :(
And the you realize &quot;shit I have to look at this scratch for the next 24 months of my contract&quot; :(
Well that bites... Uncharted 2 Beta code and no ps3 :(
Omg, could my neck be any more sore? I knew I should've sat down when I was counting down after work. :(
I wish I could've gone to prom.. :(
Cant get his stupid computer to play dvds :(
I hate when weekend tours end :-( can I just tour forever, please?!
@Shayne71 i'm so sorry to hear that, even my mp3 player is not working anymore :( . Good news : i'm going out tonight to a club yay
It feels really weird to be at a club without my boyfriend :(
i need the money! :(
@sssshannyleeee: tha makes me so sad :(
@szsz :( Sorry to hear that. We'll have to bake some gluten-free things.
@mycatranch Serena! ((hugs)) She looks sad. :(
@CPSIA yea... I know so many small manufacturers and designers giving up because of this law.  So poorly written :(  Glad you are active...
@orphanth prepare to cry :(
@LizJonasHQ ahh cool. I wish I was there :( my mom won't plan a vacation around JB :(
i just fell off the back of the moty and dad laughed at me cos :( ahahah
kill bill and glass bottled coke. i wish i could get comfy :(
nothing special on my mind ...just cme to this new cyber cafe as i away frm home..n internet speed is soo slow  :(
@ridingcoach yup it's my posts the last bit of link is not blue, staying black and not included in link :(
@ang_ela_ela_ela says the &quot;friend&quot; who never invites me over at all :(
home now and a Headache came with me :(
At denny's. I wish it was a waffle house :(
@goneriding24_7 That's so hard when they're away. :( Poor guy sounds like he's been working hard! Due home soon?
After 5 years of ownership, I've finally beaten Spider-Man 2 for PS2. I want Web of Shadows. :(
Kid Sam tonight. Homework all day though :-(
Can't sleep. Mind racing! Need to get up at 6am. Not good.  :(
I hate watching trees getting cut down...it depresses me!! :(
Random fact about me: my outfits cost more than my car. My watch costs more than my car. That's sad. : (
Hey! Is my 'Twitter' BROKE?! Hmmmm I am un-tweet-able :-(
@cupcakeslam23 yeah it sucks :( hopefully the streaming site will work tomorrow, so i can watch the rerun...
Bed then work at 5am again :(
@javienfuego OHHH!! Haha. Sweet. I had to work. :( Did'ya have fun?
I wanna keep driving! :( ? http://twt.fm/102993 &quot;Woke Up in a Car&quot; - SoCo
Following tiago leifert at Twitter, BUT he don't notice me, and this make me cry!!! hum.....I'm so sad! : (
JUSS GOT HOME FROM WORK ...WORDS CNT EXPLAIN HOW TIRED I AM AND I BET WHEN I GET IN MY BED I WONT B ABLE TO SLEEP SMH UGH :-(
Plans of going to the club have been dashed. Now I'm just all dressed up for coach's. :(
@vanessacaterina HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!! &amp; IM  NOT :(
@planet_mars94 I don't know. :( I don't wanna be, but at the same time, I really don't give a damn, ya know?
@stark23x I's have the HARDEST time finding a bathroom in Deafsville :(
I know this isn't worthy of anyone's attention but I have to lament: I AM OUT OF HUMMUS AND HAVE A 1/2 BAG OF CARROTS LEFT :-(
@SandiHockeyMom Not good news. No known treatment. Auto-immune disease attacks digestive system. Late teens and twenties. So sorry. :(
Everyone is doing something fun tonight, while I'm stuck at work until 8am, getting yelled at by angry sprint customers. Not cool. :-(
Day 4 of sleeping upright on the couch. Not fun at all.......... : (
@SunshineKatiee I'm still awake :( so weird but thanks nonetheless
@lilygiron whatever then. I guess everyones gonna see what were talking about. the kids are getting louder and louder! :( ugh.
Didn't get to see Star Trek today. :(
I am feeling under appreciated and taken advantage of :(
I need a new outlook on life!!! :(
@Tomo522 can't, mother's day is the busiest day of the year -- gotta pull an all day shift tomorrow. :(
@amyftw; nope :( my ride bailed hahahah.
@stiff_kitten_ no, the plain brown ones :(
is been cover chem p3 and p1.. p2 still weakening me :-( http://plurk.com/p/su9br
Can't seem to shake this feeling.... :-(
Ugh! My ipod is gonna die :( &lt;JoRdAn &lt;:p&gt;&gt;
:( Doesn't know what to eat! What would you eat on very sensitive stomach after being sick?
happy mother's day to the best mom in the world...mine!!(L)(L) i miss her :(
Show was awesome! Siq kick to the face my septum tunnel was knocked out :(
You're still not talking to me properly :( - http://tweet.sg
Rock Fore Dough is tonight &amp; I'm missing it :( I can't wait til Friday when I'll actually be in AUGUSTA! PS - happy birthday eve to @LauRob!
@mitchelmusso mitchel tate musso! why did u cut off all ur gorgeous hair!? i saw u flip ur hair and nothing happened. it was sad. :(
@unitedweremain yeah me too! I can't make it 30 hours without  shaving now. :-(
@IslaDelaCruz wish I coulda went! :(
@hatchetbabii i'm sorry :( i hope you figure somethin out!!!!!
killing time.. im totally so super hungry.. and i just swallowed a thing that called fried rice! :(
@twitterfamily I mees you guys. :(
@jimmyjimjoes he-hee!!!  i want one, stop making me jealous :-(
@petewentz i'm sorry about your dog, dude. :(
some1 follow me i have no twitter friends :(
..........tagging is how the new Internet, finds its content! How ignorant of me :( And here I was wondering, why no one finds any my posts?
@petewentz sorry to hear that :( i lost the pony that i grew up with a few months ago and didn't get to say goodbye, i know it's tough
Unfortunately, because of the busy day and busy night, no slumber party night tonight and therefore no spn this week at all :(
So no brunch :( and no crab for dinner :( I sure hope that mimosa happens tomorrow. Will make my own if I gotta
@Bigjohnsgirl yep ur mothers day going to be rained on as well comin dwn n buckets now :-(
I am so tired.  it's gonna be a long night of sleeping on the couch and not talking to my boy before bed like usual.  :(
FREAKING MAVS :(
Ahhh My Neck Hurts :(
flat front bike tire :( gotta get it fix monday before the lady sov concert (idk if i should be sad or happy??)
@tornadoliese i am so sorry for your loss. i know all too well what it's like. :(
@shannon_e :( Best get some sleep, maybe you'll feel better in the morning.
At work but wishing I was home I cantbdeal with these yahoos today!! :(
@padmeamanda I want to go to Star Trek, but Allison doesn't :(
@audaciousaudrey uh Mother's day WE by definition can't be relaxing... A little bummed for  not being able to paint my wall as i wanted. :-(
@TheRoxie I miss the colored rooms.  And the bag game. :(
I really want to be sleeping under the stars tonight, but can't for the life of me find my tent! :(
@k_mac21 not here :(
its about to be a loooong day :(
@mcrfash1 oh no! I'm sorry! I have to go to warped alone :(
Drinking Ciroc. Tired :(
@benngrimcc Come back to Poughkeepsie or NYC ugh :(
@xXJess017Xx :( Sorry to hear that.. Wish i could help..
I didn't realize that weekends went by so quickly...why do weeks go by so slowly. will miss my lexington! :(
i am so upset with @jeffreecuntstar he kicked me and @hannah_rose out of the stickam chat because we are girls :(
someone come out with me :(
Hey twitters Blessed is back.... Yay!!!!!  In skool tlkin 2 the bestie bout my problems... Smh 2daii is not a good daii :-(
I don't know what is worse...any old navy commercial ever created. OR the new subway commercials :(
@IamBubbles We don't have Dunkin's here. :(
@idontlimbo but then i realized he was tweeting and driving :( tsk!
@300_120896 That reminds me, too. Snape made fun of me for using that cane to walk around earlier. He said I was falling apart. :(
Btw: we only got 1/2 mile- dave's takin me home- more work 4 him 2nite, unfortunately :(
ate too much at cookout so now im about to vomit :( falling asleep to the prisoner of azkaban
GOING TO BED  :( I FEEL LIKE CRAP
is realllyyyyyy sleep :( I think I'm gonna call it a night.
k so i'm at the 2001 and can't follow anymore people until I get my followers up hmmm :-(
What happened to home ice advantage Canucks? I'm thinking Chicago is probably going to take the series :(
@simoncurtis hahah im glad ur having fun. im soooooo bored :( 2.30am and i dont have a clue of what i should do....
This girl on cold case has the exact same face as @maggiehorn tryna take a pic but phone batt too low :(
:( i dontttttttttttt feeeeeeeeel goooood :(
Poor Talia, she is so sad about leaving the burgh...wish she wasn't :(
@Dj_Midori @EllaBella79  oh noes ... is he drowneded in mustard and catsup? what if its an aidsdog? poor james :(
@BradinBuffalo love that cigar. Just too hard to find and marked up too much $$$ when I do. :(
@melodylori I have no idea :( I always go running for help when I have comp problems myself - not a techy-type hon :(
I wasn't even home an hour before I got in a massive fight with my parents. It will be a long two months... and I could really use a hug :(
I been home all day have not showered finishing up 2 major projects for this class im taking :(
my last day of work..... i'll miss them soo much. :(  if you guys want to hang out you know i'm free!
@shercole its ok :-(
Just saw a guy ditch his date outside my building. Literally left her standing on the sit of the road. :( I wonder what she did. Lol
@AntEscrow oh no :( so can i get out of this soul binding contract
&quot;Star Trek&quot; on a much larger screen - lens flares even worse! Capt. Pike is cool, and Scotty is fun. Urban a McCoy cartoon, though. :-(
so I just found out my dad told my sister to come by herself this summer to visit him :( I'm really hurt..we were gonna go together.I'm sad
@EvilSue :( take it easy
@mismile My mom isn't home 'til tomorrow :( I would love to snuggle with my mom today!!
@KJLHMixdown did ya'll already air the interview wit Tila??? I JUST found ur online live airing...  :-(
Waking someone up to tell them they've been root compromised is like telling a mother her baby died :(
Maid of ten years left (for good) this morning. Already 4 empty mugs on table and no fresh juice in fridge.. :( . Life's gonna s*ck.
why do some I follow promise me exactly 16000 followers every time , especially when they have less than 1000 :(
@sensei256 meh.. I didn't want to brute force my way into SJCC with that sign in the way.. also saying protip is so 2001 :(
@souljaboytellem DAMN, THE BAY CAN'T NEVER GET THEY PROPS :(  (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
@valthevandle aaahhhh I can't. I'm at my cousins bday thing. :( wish I could be there
@Deltadivarn I did but I don't know how to make it show up :-( I am Dumb right about now on this site
Watching Law &amp; Order while wishing I had the DEXTER Season 3 box set. I don't want to buy it on iTunes :( I miss DEXTER! Law &amp; Order suxx.
@jhillstephens You're welcome. Damn, I can't sleep. :(
has a tummy ache :(
@jefferycjordan I'm in San Diego.  It's 11:00, and I'm the kind of person who does NOT function well on less than eight hours of sleep.  :(
Going to be a longggg night. :(
hates &quot;bitin&quot; phone calls :(
@thechristynmcG i miss you. is this for serious?&quot; :(
just lying in bed hungry. :( blee i miss my hubby
Just waking up, early Sunday here! Still in bed ill :-( is it mothers day in the us?
Leaving for school. Fuck so much to do today... :(
I'm bleeding :( it hurts.  stupid ocd.
@tinasays stop tweeting lies! Thats just messed up :(
has a mild left inner ear infection.. and its got this irritating &quot;blocked&quot; feeling since sunday.. :(
Finally got to install ARToolkit... on Windows :(
feeling bad for Wolverine :(
@ChattyNatty Sorry to hear about your grandma :(
gotta get up early :( thats my least favorite thiing to do.
I'm tired...We went shopping today! My legs hurt. :( JONAS WAS AWESOME TONIGHT.
@HarperSimon awww baby, sorry! I took an Ambien :( I'll be up and bring my laptop to tap away beside you until I get sleepy if that's ok?
@KristopheRobin MONDAY??!! i didn't get one. :( can lissy bring one to work manana??
intro to visual arts is soul crushing :(
Wish I was close enough to take care of him :(
Morning world! Up early to take Claire to work :-(
@DorionBET @labellemusik, both yall be in the club too much...LOL Just kidding, I need to get out more :(
I think I'm not the only who 4gets I'm a Mommy :-(
@JVsworld JV!! miss you man!! :( long time no see :( -Laurina
is at work on a bloody sunday :(
feels like here world is crashing down. :(
going to sleep..i miss my boyfriend. :(
@DarrenRoberts little people awake in the night :( argggghhh lol
@DMB_ haha i didn't know what the gorge was so i had to google it-i must admit that it does look pretty insane! too bad its in washington :(
@RellElSOLE fants don't answer when I call back :-( Shorty just cursed me out! Lmao!!!!
Harold &amp; kumar makes me lol so hard EVERY time. I am totes the female version of harold, minus the toking every night and being bff w/kal :(
@mardhiah read it on ohnotheydidnt@livejournal. not sure if it's true. but i'll be very sad if they do. :(
I need to go into work early on Monday, so that means early to bed tonight and tomorrow. The problem with that? I know I'll be up till 4 :(
I give you want you, and not ask for anything in return, but I just want hose three words I haven't heard in nearly seven months :-(
simply impossible to hack around this issue :(
Wrong as shit.... Bad veshe.. :(
@rocsidiaz don't know but it's was a hit..right? feliz dia madra ( still need roseta stone )lol its' backwards and spelled wrong :-(
:( i'm so angry. I want to cry. I just an upset.
Watch the new Star Trek. It is not a pure sci fi, more to action movie. I give only 3/5. Not g33k enough. :(
@KellyShibari wont let me unless you're following me. :(
why are the day shift always later when I am really tired!!!! :-(
I'm out of henny. The bottle lost :(
@sameergupta I so wish, things not looking too rosy on this side of the world :-(
@TrAPPUBLICAN R u Talkin bout me :(
I tried to get off work so I could buy bread and milk since it was snowing but my boss wont let me :(
Walkin round to get the store's papers, wee bit edgy after that guy yesterday :(
still up 2. i c u. bout to lay my ahhh on down. its mothers day n my mother's no where to b found &gt;&gt; she's bak at home.. im far away. :( luv
is drinking redbull on the couch watching the football Manly loosing :(
@rklarsson english. we ended up watching Animal House. first few seconds were scary enough for me. i'm a big wuss :(
@alyandajfanatic ahh im sure!!! i wish i coulda been there :( :( glad you had fun!! did you meet her??
Show last night was great! Best preformance! So sad it's over :(
@lisathomas84 weather is damn hot here too :(
@SecndCitySoiree you know, I'm tempted to make the switch. first @Dell 's customer service was great, but now i feel :(   http://bit.ly/AdSB
Been awake since 5.30am :-(
trying to download apps and its taking forever to load the home page of the itunes store :( this is gay.
is awake and headin to practice where i will not participate :-(
's Kinda Bummed. An Agency Just Told Me That I Didn't Have The 'LOOK' That They Were Going For. Ladies, Please Help Me Create The 'LOOK' :(
Someone has quit following me. Well, I never said I was interesting! :-(
So much fun with my girls!!! back hOme tired!! {I Miss Paris :-(  &amp; Montreal in few days hehe}
@cyberprvideo thanks....I always get love from out of town :(
Too bad I can't listen to it right now :( (safe mode) @chngdman
@RetroRewind Why do I keep losing the &quot;signal&quot;?  How can I fix it?  it just stops playing and I get real sad :(
still cant fall asleep because of you.. even after all this time :(
No ones talking to me :(
At garys thinking about the 17th :(
I just feel extremely sad right now. I need someone to talk to. :(
@mini_ritz Thanks hun.. the plan was neva to be sick.. but I failed :(
A kiss though? NO!!! twitterfrieds...i just wanna go home :( ahhh! What'd i get myself into AGAIN!!!!
My desk looks like a disaster zone. Yet again. How does it get sooo messy SO fast??? Help me. :(
@anieszkaa haha i did a ltiitle bit yesterday and ive been out all day :( so i think ima chick an allnighter :D hahaha NOT COOL
Just finished bathing. So exhausted. I had two hours cleaning my room. :(
@lislBR Yeah it keeps happening to Me too :( x
@shaundiviney i wish I had 14000 myspace friends :( you lucky little thing!
@simonsahari It wasn't me.... Just want to find out what is in fire and if everyone is safe. It's my local area :(
um.  i think i bombed that quiz. :(
Laptop's in the repair house :( $2300 worth of repairs :( took it in on the second last day of warranty :D priceless
@markhardy1974 Me too :( #itm
and a blog full of blurbootleg. http://tr.im/kXiW which remind me i've had removed all of'em from my itunes. no more booties allowed :(
@shaundiviney where's Sonny?? damm i miss that kid :(
Any Voicethread users?  Do students have to have an account to comment?  I can't get it to work :(
@xoxmillyxox :(
@emo_kat15 sounds pretty bad :( Wish you luck! (do the same for me? Im allergic to something but don't know what)
@Noufah wanasa , I wish I can have lunch at home :( I usually be there at 7 pm or later :S
@Spitphyre hey hey hey hey hey hey hey hey we went to moca mojo yesterday after startup saturday..i wanted to ask u...later forgot :(
Quite a nice morning. Why do i have work? :(
here i am oh here i am when will someone understand :(
@slinqui I went to u as fast as I could :( I tried to help :/
@NathanielEffy RETARD. I WANT TO WATCH IT :(
I should not be awake.... another week of feeling shattered because I cannot lie in :(
@il3obid bil3afya!! I'm stuck in a SUPER boring lecture... 29 minutes to go :(
*sigh* sore throat :(
@mikeon not sure if I'm gonna go. Costly &amp; far &gt;.&lt; blah. :(
ok having stollen and eaten all the sweets the kids are now grumpy and hyper! Better go! :( X
I have work in 5hrs. :(
@duthie9 yes all cancelled :-(
@TaraAlberto me too! :(
Bye bye Melbourne, see you next time. :(
Orangutan causes evacuation at #Adelaide Zoo: http://tinyurl.com/qeyxup; had planned to go for Mother's Day :(
@kevinlovesabby oh, its still school and im having another vacation, life's good.. haha, and gotta say i miss dancing and cheerleading :(
is either gna have 2 go 2 the hospital today or wait for the doctors 2moro.....       :-(
hating herself for waiting last min. to finish this damn project. No sleep tonight! :(
Oh great, myspace gives me choice of German, Italian or French. HELLO GOOGLE! Ucan put Ur crap ads in D,I,F. Let me choose for the rest :(
@BuySellDomains :( that's a bummer
why do things suck :( just everything :(
Wow i just swallowed my gum. Shit still had flavor :(
@PJA1966 I'm trying to think of something crude to say about u sticking one in the oven. It's too early though &amp; my brain's not working! :-(
So hungry im going to eat :( missing gf and its only  been 5 mins
@RealTangyFruits Just woke up and your last tweet makes me sad. :(
i have to do myy maths hw :( screw commerce lol then im gonna watch master chef
@jamie_oliver i wish i could! but she's too far away :(
I think i need to have someone fix my back properly... I hate Drs :-(
@emmacrook Yes, think I need to :-(
Hanging out at Denny's with John... My half of spring break ends tomorrow. :(
I never new my mommy :( She abandoned me then mi owner found me in their bin - I was only 1 :l
@_elphaba i haven't seen Control yet :(
Freaked out by a lizard in the kitchen! How to have cooked lunch now! :(
@KimmiMcFly some chavvy crap :( but my stereo goes louder aha xx
Mighty sore from paintball with the cousins. Rusty got shot in the head 5 times :-(
im just back from armin van buuren's event it was freakin awesome but the scary thing is that i saw more than 10 ppl dying of overdose :(
wow, the most recent group addition of ppl i follow makes me look like an extreme geek/fangirl.  *shudder* :(
Brownout pa rin. :( Need to watch tv na!!
So tired. And headache :(
Just woke up with a killer headache :(
I'm feeling pretty icky today... :(
@kissability  :( it sucks being here alone! i think i've realised her value more since i've been away! she deserves all the love and hugs!
Morning all, I've really got to stop drinking :(
i just cried :( scrubs finale = :'(
@TheBlondeTheory it doesn't sound like the perfect Saturday night... :(
trying bdule as a tweeter desktop client. Statuzer does not support hebrew :-(
@pottymouthmama really bad, starting to get little blisters on it : ( she's having like 6 soft poos a day so hard to get relief. poor monkey
@Sims3Nieuws me too xD   wanna play the sims 3 NOW   :(
coming down with a head cold :( so much to do tomorrow and i'll have to be outside in the cold most of the day! wish i was somewhere warmer
I have now got round doing my course work. After my course work I will be doing some revision for my exam on Tuesday!! :(
Can't sleep again :(
No 3.1 patch today for WoW, maybe next week :(
mother's day dinner is postponed.. :( [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/svksj
@thecircusgirl eeeehm... no x] i'm going to study :( arrg i hate maths. love you?
@ddlovato i miss bob the bear :(
I need a new mouse, and I want ham. :( but have to wait till shops open again.
@HilaryLister You have wind there then! We dont :(
mammmas got the straightners :(
i really want a bf im so bored of being alone... its not as fun all by yourself... :(
@brightondoll *blushes* I'm going good, you? I hurt my big toe last night though :(
Nothing like reuniting with friends and family. But we gotta do these things at more reasonable hours!! It's Mother's Day - I miss mine :(
soo tired.. cbb doing any art rite now..soz Ms Sharp! lol jst wana lax... omgsh freaking owt! i still dont have my ball dress! :( not hapy!
I'm having a sad and down day, everyone has gone to the beach, I'm working :( all sympathy, hugs, kisses and fluffy bunnies welcome.
I don't want to think about Wednesday, but I can't help it :(
@DianneMcAoh no :-( could you start your own thing up? loads of that going on around here at the moment!!
@_samantha i totally wished i went to wango tango too! :(
Everybody is taunting me with Cheesecake! :(
Afghanistan's only pig quarantined :( http://bit.ly/PMP4w
@SallyMesser I got the G1 google phone thingey....quite good but i can't work out how to dl stuff and use twitter on it properly yet :( xx
It's snowing in some parts of ATL, but not where I am. :(
back in france    NOOOOOOOOOOOOO MY IPOD IS BROKED :( http://tinyurl.com/oykqfa
Damn it. Tried to get my bus ticket to vegas too late :-( hopefully they have seats available in the am. Or else... http://loopt.us/y37OfQ.t
I want my room back. :(
being sad that the publisher and author I set blogs up for is not using them at all :( when they would really help her :(
hates doing the out-of-hours monthly network maintenance for work :(
@ doc appt #2 before our trip to suprise my baby boy 4 parents wknd. Wishing it did not have 2 be Easter wknd. I'm gonna miss out @ FRC :(
I miss my bed. :(
I don't like garlic, I didn't order garlic, but for 24 hours now it's all I'm going be able to taste :(
mothers day just aint the same when ya mum aint around anymore :(
why does he loves me so much?!? I want that he loves me but not so much like he do it... it sucks... :( dont want to hurt him....
Is sat around bored looking at expensive clothes online that i can't afford to buy :(
Feeling really tired :(
wishing i had a time controller so that i could turn time back and try again :(
Wats wrong wit me? 6am and i cant sleep... i aint even sleepy. everythings off... i just lay here... this is not good... i miss u :( ~Ne ...
I wish dreams weren't better than real life :(
loves the Jonas Brothers new song Paranoid but is annoyed at Itunes cos it isn't working again and I can't download Paranoid :(
Aaaaargh. Wisdom tooth is KILLING me. Left cheek is swollen. Who has a teething child? I am coming to steal all your bonjella. :(
Maths assignment! :(
2 hours later, it's just 11:00 and I'm hungry again... Didn't have a big breakfast :-(
so glad the sun is shining a little today - have the perfect outfit but no shoes :(
I hate being sick.. :-( ugh.
@1000cigarettes Awwww! :( &quot;Our state is better than yoooooours!&quot; *grin*
Ooooh I forgot about the downside to drinking :-( asprin anyone
@Tannie512 nope! :( i wasn there early enough. n wen i went to meet them afterwards they were in the bar and i couldnt go :( lol
well, transparent background is ok now, all layout is done, waiting for my boss's answer :(
says hu's not busy there? :( http://plurk.com/p/svwwt
@irasapsup actually that's australian dollar kak, but still......... :(
eh too early :(
turned out that my throat and stomach can't stand 2 nights of karaoke in a row... :(
Please stop making conversation with me :(
Gonna dye my hair plain blackk : ( Shit school U_U
@aneD Oh I am so sorry to hear that. Will send him a message straight away. Poor thing :(
off too class :(
damn my uncoordinatedness :(
@amytranxo aww no fair! I don't have any of that at work :(
procrastonating on the homework :(
Mum and dad on their way to the airport. So jealous :(
@davewongillies yes dave... i keep setting the alarm at 7.30 - 8am but keep turning it off :( so hopeless!
Hmm tommorow the tests start :( looks like it will be an early nightt tonight
is at work. Again. Ed has gone climbing with Daddy today - another fun day I've missed out on :-(
@marodi This music was NOT entertainment for me, it really means something personal to me, and now it is gone :(
I have an English essay to write. Why do I leave it so late to do, sigh, this piece definitely won't be of high quality :(
Tripped twice at work today, the second time with a food cart carrier landing on me. My lower back and side are sore :(
@MamaPhan awwww, i missed it!  i passed out around 10 last night :-(
hey -- how come no one's online? :(
Honestly I am not sure why I am still up when I have work in the morning :(
Is it really Sunday night again?  That means tomorrow is the most dreaded day of the week ... :-(
So stupid me didn't remember to stop at the store so I have no eggs for breakfast :-( oh well... ate a loooot last night... who needs it
lalalalalal in 12 hours the concert will be over :( lol,im happy though ;D xox
lazy sunday off..only day i get off a week...pity im bored already :(
@ThatGuyAnthony I dunno, don't ask me. :(
@DebbieFletcher I know but I usually have to do summing else on that day :( and they are usually too far away! I'll keep a look out though X
I thought I will be sick :(
@DjFingerTips sorry about ur ticket brah. :( always a bummer when those pricks come by and snag us.
Let's Go D-Backs!! Opening Day was great-- too bad I had to watch it from work   :( instead of from the ballpark.  Game 2 tonite !!
@bryangreenberg No Canada?? Dissed and dismissed.  :(
@marcusjroberts working on a Sunday sucks :( don't work too hard!
giving up on updating location in Fire Eagle. I can get GETs to work, but the POST you need to do for 'update' fails with invalid sig :-(
Wisom teeth out tommorrow :| :( x
Just at the tennis court - and lost 4:6 6:7. It was soo close to reach and win the third set. :-(
@SamStreet69 I didn't know they needed serviced :( Just got them MOT'd last month!
@MissxMarisa like, zoinks!! ok i'll try to let go of the hose, and the cupcakes :(
@pinpricks ..anything else since. He has 2 cuts in his head, a bruised lung and a badly broken leg :(
hate this. huhu. :(
@festivalfan when u start eating carbs again ur body wont like it weight will come back fast :(
stupid dog peed on my couch in the middle of the night. arg! my poor cute couch :-(
im trying to find some people but not sure how to :(
@_amberlovely i want the grey one so bad but i didnt get one last night cos i had to rush out :( gutted :( it was lovely seeing you!! x
relaxing after a long day at work :(
@_amaoto oh fuck :( happened to my paypal too. be persistent to get your money back!!!
misses updating her calendar. Bored. :(
Really wish i was seeing mcfly at cambridge tonight! but no :( got work :( ah well im gonna try see them in kent on 17th July hehehe :D
I haven't seen Hannah Montana The Movie yet :/ The tickets was sold out ! :(
On the way to church... There is something in my eye, :(
McFLY was awsome last night their da best feel soooo sorry for u stacey u dint get to go beki as well :(
oh my, my room's doorknob is broken..somebody fix it. :(
kim that is a bad sunburn i have had that kind of sunburn need to put a lot of lotion, looks painful :(
:( Wish the iPod had copy/paste
@shaunjumpnow aw poor shaun :( did you have fun yesterday?? xx
Think I broke Twitter on my Tumblr and Facebook pages. :(
suspended for failure to pay! On the plus side my loan is sorted for next year. The irony really isn't lost on me. :(
...I have a head ache!! :(
RT @jkesner: No wonder I've been restless!  There is a full moon out! ThomasShepInn: That explains a lot about this week's events :-(
@georgeharito, I found the RAM :-(
@TheHoneyFamily I went to the wrong show :( There was no conga line in Ohio.
it's going to be nice again tomorrow and then the rain comes back. no nice weather for my birthday :(
At Ontario airport waiting to board flight to Denver, then Sioux Falls ... So tired. And no F100 on this trip, either. :(
Is gonna have to revise at some point today, geography or economics, or both! :(
Could of gotten Screen flow for free but I down have Leopard :-(
@tommcfly hi tom! I miss when you spoke Portuguese in google translate! I love you so much man! Please, answer me! I need you man! :( xx
Oh yesh. It's just an unnecessary hassle, the O2 shop wouldn't swap it for some stupid reason :(
hey @Atrusni lol, whateva i feel like haha was learning evil eye by malmsteen but my ax bit the big 1 :( U play guitar 2?
@N0odles yeah, I remember you saying you fell off :-( surely there's some nice places to ride to? I think it's like IW in surrounding areas
Is having a weekend from hell. Gf not sure on things and sat in casualty with dad. :(
had a horible day and just got home :( and school 2moz grrr.
Hates it when good days end bad :(
@xaoife thanks lol il probli b in school though... its nt fair while im doin tests ur listenin 2 Elbow :(
back to reading.. god edward needs to come back i miss him its not twilight without him :(
I did like the fact that my friend Amanda Foreman had a line and a close up in the beginning of the film. Then we never saw her again. :-(
@hullkr_online  Are you at the ground? is it raining :(
RT @Jamieb19: http://twitpic.com/4ww82 - Here it is - long awaited pic! NICE JAMIE !!!!!! I want mine with Joe :-(
@DHughesy disgusted to admit i have done 3 cans of 'mother' on a couple of occasions lately. thats 1.5ltrs :-( cant be healthy
Church then lunch then stuff?? no soccer :( happy mothers day though =D
Why somebody shouts at you when you've done something really nice for this person? ... :(
I hate long sunday afternoon bookings!!!!  Why can folk not just stick to fri and sat nights? :(
One of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one I can chat with at the end of my day usually :-(
Prom was fun, I can't sleep amymore,my legs hurt, I'm upset about not getting pics done :(
petition schmetition... what we need is a council that is supportive of independent business. just a bit a fairness .. f'ing fatcats : (
Getting on the plane. Wish me a safe trip. Im gonna miss my babe :-(
Cant find my iPod charger :(
@niiing it hurt :(
It raining... :/ I hope people realize what's happening to our planet before it's too late :(
Flight home at 3:10, :(
i miss u,so much. :(
@stfumichelle :O:O:O:O:O:O I'M FUCKING JEALOUS! JB SAID THE SHIPMENT HADN'T COME YET SO I HAVNT GOT IT YET :( -CRIES- I WANT IT SO BAD
Got so much to get through today and I have a sore ear :( Oh, the joys of stress! had the weirdest dream last night!
@suzi98babe I found the website but it won't let me look at full length vids :-(
its really a disappointment to me that I cant call my mother on mothers day :(
Getting ready for church, not watching Lily good enough. She broke the frame of a little X-stitch that a BFF gave me back in HS. :(
Workinn soon :( xx Realyy cba but tha banter in Halarious!xxxxx
@winnyadriany duhh suckss winn huhuhu, bru pulang dri sun, mo ngecharge hp , blackout lagii :( :(
Trying to get my boyfriend up so we can gooo :(
Is VERY sad that he broke his wife's decorative spoon. :(
@Reglore was it awesome as they say? I gotta wait till stinken thursday :(
I'm a horrible daughter.. I already saw my mom like 10 times and didn't say happy mothers day.. I forgot! :(
Come on Citeh! :(
rica! bye bye :(
leaving in an hourrr. byeeee gladwin :(
great night out in bath last night! hungover early morning scramble back to church in bristol on public transport not so great though :-(
Oh cock! Bloody head gasket went 30 laps in :( overdrive worked fine though!
I can't beleive i only have 8 followers. What a shame! :( :(
~ I'm starved. sadly, I can't cook to save my life :(
http://twitpic.com/4wz7p - I really miss my puppy :(
I had a fun day yesterday even if my Boy did beat me at bowling :-( Enjoyed the Wolverine movie too. Well nice long run this afternoon too.
11:11 pm - I wish I wasn't so paranoid :(
head hurts :(
@Muzzzza deciding between an iMac &amp; Mac Mini now.. :( Mac Mini I can get bigger screens in future if I wanted.. hmmm
My cherry tree has the tiny black bugs again :(
@kaylaatthedisco AW maybe your skin's already irritated with the hair :| Angelica got some zits too :(
back home. without mommy :( doin some stuff for school
@melissaox I tried a few of my passwords, none worked, stupid me, I sent a support email, using UT for now :(
@sydneohhh aww :( no its not hot at all! today it was supposed to get up 2 70 but it only got up 2 65 and on monday it going to be 40 out!:(
It's fido's last day with us :(
I want watch a movie, but i dont find my DVD! :(
Missing the Utd match cause i can't make it out of bed :(
I think the writing may be on the cards already for this first football match :-(
bored outta my effin mind...not hungry but i need to eat something to take my meds :(
Im at work and I'm so fuckin tired right now :(
Man my wrist hurts :( I hate this!!!
wishing i could sleeeep. exams in 2 days FML.  worked a double yesterday and all day today :( and is sick of working.
@bramzo they say it was a problem with the fuel hose ... not much they can do about it I guess ... Sucks for them though :-(
happy mothers day hungover : (
@bradiewebbstack yeahhh you suck :(
WRECKED and sad that the weekend is just over. :-( Can we do it all over again?
@tomeglenn my iphone game ideas are waiting me to code. There's not much leisure time in my life :( How long have u been developed on it?
god, it's just so much shit at the end of this movie. (i don't mean the quality.) :(
laptop not working. i think the BIOS chip is gone...  :-(
Not going to Fall Out Boy anymore. :( I feel like crap.
Bum! I wish there was KFC on the way to the pub :(
@ShanyJonas Did you not mean to me? oh................. :(
Hey im new to this :( do you just follow people???
ugly massive pit in my stomach. :(
@meesters oh noes :( that's terrible. are you guys okay?
@Digitalberto No :( Ella esta en Ponce.... Jacaranda! I love to say that, sounds like a Novela's title
my mom is sick on Mothers Day :(
Just sat in on Danielle's bible reading,had nice talk about current stuff, now it's time to get ready for work :( :(:(
it's mothers day and my mom is crying :(
@MrsSparrow We leave tomorrow night to return to the real world. :(
Man i should've been asleep an hr ago but, like a 6 year old, &quot;just didn't wanna&quot;. Now i have a compulsion to read that i must fulfill :(
is feeling horribly nauseous today :( Wish I could sleep!!
At work...I soo don't feel well...body aches and then I feel cold and hot... :(
I hate the rain it's always getting in the way :( btw i miss my friends
Getting ready to go to work :(
is heartbroken. My little Min Min is gone :( I don't know how I'm going to get through this. Goodbye, Minnie Min.
doesn't really like her roommies :(
Dropping ashley off at the airport...I'm gonna miss her :(
HAPPY MOM'S DAY! (sending from phone, computer is off) &amp; i'm at home sick :( take care all! Mom's: enjoy your day!
just drove home from an awesome camping weekend..haha a little iffy for my first time on an interstate..but now it's homework time. :(
@kpacek330 aw your lucky haha. we dont get much homework but the thing is we have essays alot :(  oh i need to do one the now actually haha.
Sculpting bear, buying hay today. Found electrocuted toad frozen in mid-climb over paddock fence :(
bak chang not even properly heated up yet :( sooooo hungrrryyyyyy
Well crap! I just fell and my ankle is not happy! Ice pack and laying on the couch is now my plan for Sunday morning. :(
F1 one finished for another week :( On the brighter side I'll be in Monaco in 2 weeks time!
@cls I don't like the resolution, nor the screen size, nor the keyboard, nor the trackpad on the #eee so... :(
@Tifflicious aww :( that sucks..hehe
RT @tarlese: Sending hugs &amp; kisses 2 my mother in heaven.She truly is an angel &amp; I wish her an amazing Mothers day!! R.I.P mom :( luv U!!!!
@slpowell working on a post last nite, how mother's day isn't the same w/o my mom -lost her 4 yrs ago. 1 of days I miss her most. sorry :-(
Just woke and is running late :(
Everything comes with a price :(   hopefully I can still afford it.
@PioneerHall argg I feel so bad that I was told the wrong time, then told everyone else the wrong time! :( my mind hasn't been with me
I am so very tired and I Micah is sick :(
@PolarisDigital I couldn't buy any '#openhacklondon' for you because you can't even afford one :(  Woe!
So I totally missed the nugs game last night :( I heard it was awesome so I tried to watch SC but I fell asleep BOO
has done 432 words. only another 568 to go :(
This day is so happy but so sad at the same time..first year since my grandma :(
time to go home and sleep!! I wish I lived by my mommy so I could be with her today!! :(
even though its my favourite drink i think its the vodka and coke that wipes my mind all the time :( think im gonna have to find a new drink
don't wanna travel back tommorow :(
@tjhunsaker i don't want to go to work today either! :( boo!!!
Ummm. yeah. once again - blow a 9 -4 lead in the 8th. Good times... NOT. :-( Come on fellas... you can do it! #Angels
Walking around outside barefoot because kody stole my shoes :(
Dropped of realatives at the airport....vacations end so fast :(
@Anne_A4L  yeah I had to see my parents :( they made a sunday roast, haha..  i spent the morning with annie in cafe Nero all is well =)
@bengrubb and therefore, can't be unlocked :(
Synod almost over :-).  - time to hit the road - almost 4 hours drive ahead :-(
dang twitter and their lack of space to write! anyways i am off to bed, gotta be up early. still totally bummed that I missed white room :(
@Anne_A4L  yes...i guess that's all we can do!i hate leaving people i love behind...and tomorrow i have to say goodbye to my family :(
i'm really not in the mood to revise for my french exam :(
Waiting in a longass line at the dim sum place for breakfast fuck so long for mother's day :(
Have the ting tings - that's not my name stuck in my head :(
Saw Star Trek. Fab. Whole cast was brilliant. Sylar didn't cut any brains open though :(
WTF Now my lappy couldnt detect the battery.!! :( WTF are dell batteries.
@ohmygoodgrace i have no notes on my poems :( :(
Wish I could be with ma dukes today! :( Happy Mothers Day to all mothers!.. Playing make up til 6:30. PS: I am changing my # for suuure.
is sooooo mad..but cant do anything abt it.. :( grrrrr...
I need to cut my nails :(
@drish29 atleast no more exams. Gahh work in 5hrs :( I really should b sleeping but &quot;he&quot; woke me up! it was cute tho now i can't sleep :( xo
@MrCrunchiebar well i had noticed a rather large temperature drop between the hours of 12 and two! hazy conditions looming! Cold hands! :(
@Yorksville @Georgieboo Web link got cut :(
such a tired day :( i'm feel so sleepy but i want to eat. errrrr
@Evaaaa_X Finally, you have Twitter!  I hate revising :(
DJ names are impossible to come by :(
Shoot.. Now I wish I had my passport :-(
At Kayleigh's. Service tomorrow. Ugh. Text me in the morning. I miss my bestfrannnnnnnn &lt;3 :(
@SammyLou3 awww i love fearne :D and i can't listen, michael is insisting on shit music :(
Finally back from vacation :( one cool thing though. There is a new Rob Thomas cd out today!
Couldn't find chicken soup at any shop :(
Just talked to my mom. She's celebrating mother's day at a family gathering. Wish I was there too. Sucks being so far away! :(
@zarathevegan what happened to the pc now :(
@magpiecreative Man, neither of us were given that option. Dude was up at 6am :(
@tishh ill try :( i love youuu and miss you!!
Too head-coldy to go hiking today. :( Heating up soup. Then I'll work for a couple of hours.
Why is it cold outside :(
Sooo bored on this ride! My ipod died :(
ugh football trainin :(
its so beautiful out and im stuck at work til 8 :(
@Erardo yeah 3 more hours, maybe sooner (please pray). 50% of my health is all I need to make money. But Ban I'm developing a minor cough :(
is missing her baby :(
@shawin I didn't watch the match. I'm completely demoralised since my team has no chance to win the league :(
I'm sifting interviews while watching people having fun in the sun :-(
half way to the ROM when the puking began.......my poor boy :(
@destinyjoyful DEEsSSS I texted you and now I am about to go to bed :( check your texts I tried to call too! I'll talk to you tom
you said you'd NEVER forget! :(
Misses @sleepingcities :(
@supercoolkp Oh no :( I feel for you: I have a massive phobia of dentists. Soaking in gin is a great idea :D x
@nicolalalalala LOL I'm glad I didn't reply as I was going to saying I fancied a facial as well :(
@mollotova ugh i miss you and @erica_michelle SOOO bad! :( like you guys have no idea! :'( it akes me really sad actually
@TimWestwood i saw.....awwwwww :-(
School starts tomorrow :(
Hit Tennessee y'all...missed the picture tho :(
@rainelicious I miss u :(
@happeedeb roasted peeps! why didn't i think of that?! aww, man. i haz no more peeps. :(
i have a bad boo boo paper cut on my finger :(
tired and hungover :-(
yep am back.i decided to run on me treadmil.am gettin fat :( exam stress and am a nervous eater =/
I cant believe Im awake after falling asleep @ 4am. I guess Im going to Disneyland since today is my last day to go with my pass :( Sad day
@brandonhenry yah i saw her in Columbus Ap. 30th. But i think Paula did it best :(
@luvmuch2 I'm sorry to say this, but in Arg there's a song that says &quot;a Maria Ester le gusta coger&quot; that means she likes to f*ck :( :(
: ( bad night... horrible day... I think this one is it : ( 1 week I didnt see him, then When i did he ignores me. no hello, kiss, hug nada!
@logieo did u put aloe? Poor thing :( I hope it starts to feel better soon! How was ur dinner with ur mommy
@ddlovato hey demi heyy! i love you &amp; u rock! i wish i could meet you :(
Happy Mother's Day!  I miss my mami...  :(
Love you, Mom--always miss you :(
Gah! Cannot pass a member function pointer to a signal handler in C++ :(  http://tinyurl.com/ytb5vo
@auldmags they'd probably be hanged for it :( I would hope there would be NO slapping going on!
:( i want to get out of sm riiight now. it is draining my soul
Happy Mothersdayyy..I miss my mommyyyy..too bad I can't b with her on this special day cuz she's more than 4000 miles awayy :-(
@timidheathen aww kitty :( I've known so many lovely cats- so sad when they're gone.
Good turnout for the party! I'm so out of it though, kinda just in my world for some reason :-( I guess I have too much on my mind
@timsweb whoops! sounds moderately expensive :-(
on my way to work.. :( ..still need to get mom something for mother's day.
@midnightcon i will be sadpanda if it doesn't get a second season :(
Watching the football, oh dear! Arsenal are having a bad day again. 4-1 down at home! that has got to hurt big time :(
sitting around...prbly gonnna have to clean our garage for mothers day... :( Happy mothers day to every mother out tthere!!
@JBnVFCLover786 i doubt my parents will buy me any vfc merch or adisson stuff for my bday :(
ap psych review in an hour :(
Car's dead. Mum lost another guinea pig. 2 in a month. And no quiz for me tonight. And worries until tuesday. Just not worth the effort :-(
aaaaarrrrrrghhhhhhh!!!!!!..... nope still not working :(
oh no :( the side buttons on my razer habu mouse have stopped working! now i gotta find my spare buttons else i can't work properly!!
Phone completely out of charge and I have forgotten my charger at home! so my phone is switched off :( - should hopefully sort it out soon.
I think I have the plague :-( Just stopped in to make sure Twitter is still alive and well.
Fuck I feel like I could cry right now :(
Just placed flowers on my baby's grave. :( She was born too soon.
Just drove from the hotel in Neosho back to Joplin only to discover my power is still out.  Back in Neosho now.  I'm a very sad Rachel. :(
@kenis1993 nope :( But i have mario kart xD
Why cant shipleys deliver? :(
Local beauty spot :-(
What I can give to my mother? I have no idea :(
glad we took mommy out ystrday but now i can't hang with granny today :(
@dougiemcfly mmmm you never answer me :(
@cails4eva nope :( urgh im so sick :(
RT @mikegogulsk RT @Libertywriter: Nothing caps off a vacation like seeing your 3-year-old kid given a pat-down search by TSA. /Sorry, JD :(
OMG i aint watching blown @lyriciss do they replay it again :(
@sdresser I know - but it doesn't feel any better. :(
@meljean ah. I need to catch up on HPs/harlequins in general... :( I'm going through withdrawal
@thomshouse quite sure it wasn't &quot;hacked&quot; or anything. someone just misused my password. :(
@kylinmc :( you should watch Stardust and drink a glass of iced mint tea.
My mom told me today she has two lumps on her breast. I'm shocked and I'm unsure what to do cause I'm scared for her. :(
I'm not getting emails people send to me, if i don't respond to you I probably didn't get it :(
I really wants to go see star trek right now :(
@SuperCr3w what no Texas? : ( but we're so funnn here! &gt;.&lt;
@never_simple i thought they were thats what miranda said.... she lied :( boo her
@caitlynhuss hAHHAHAHAHh STOP DRINKING ALCOHOLIC!! ;D bwahahahahaa. you'll get a stomachache, no bueno :(
@msengupta I was just noticing the same thing.  EVERYONE is there...except me :(  I have yet to see a launch...
had a lousy weekened :(
fuck!!! i have school tomorrow im going to be so tired....wish i could sleep in...my mom would never give me a ride over :(
@Aceofcups Yay, sounds good! By the way, The Narrative IS coming to NYC, at a 21+ venue, after I leave for Thailand. :(
good night everyone! school tomorrow :(
@EvanDUB forreal? I'm sorry to hear :(
@saramdiamond I dont know! You know those days when you're not in a good mood? It's just like that :(
I dont like when people i really care about are upset.. And make it impossible for me to do anything about it :(
stupid homeworks :@ now i have to be up late finishing them :( i wish i had started earlier... sad that i never learn from my mistakes :(
@tm_lv gacias... you opened my eyes... Well, I found.. I have &quot;Intel GMA 950&quot;. It has probl. w/ Ubunte. 8 was OK, 9 doesn't have drivers :(
Man how come I have to wait til 2011 to see the Tron sequel. I want it now :-(
http://twitpic.com/3i613 - The closest thing to snow i've ever seen :(
@RollingtheDice im jealous :(
Everyone leans on me, I guess I'm their soldier, but who's gunna be mine :(
@snickers1015 STEEEPPHHHH ! how are you!?  @AlexisMarie23 i miss you :(
Feels like my head is going to explode! I don't want the flu :(
@cheller_beams i have no comeback :(
No Blizzards for we :( They closed at 9:30 instead of 10 like the Internet said. Oh well.
@tonydeanxo aw :( bummer man
gawd, everyone hates me. :(
@angel0712 Oh, I can't.  I mean, how would it work?  I'd go, and then Lee'd go?  We'll just wait for the DVD release.  :(
Back hurts :( . . Chillin with brandon -CrazyForTheGuy
@IdRatherBeSki I think a 28.8k connection is faster than what I got here :(
@ex0h13 I'm hungry, too :(
one thing about having an extremly high pain tolerance...u never know whats really wrong!! migraine going on the third day now :(
@chanla tell savannah i want her to be my mommy :-(
@JeannetteC  Ouch, that's a rough time change! I'm sure it will take a few days to recover :( I liked your pics btw!
@annieweasley gahh i'm so mad i missed it! i'll have to wait until tomorroww :(
Its starting to Rain in Seattle. :(
Hating quickbooks again while doing  accounting. Last update made something that used to be instant take 10s each. 60/month to enter. :(
Delayed by 30 min now :-(
i hate my life i have to buy a new board :(
My yummy cold jug is missing! I am sad. :(
I wish hair grew faster... :(
@TrendySD what happened to the OTHER store in the corner? :( jk... do you have any broadway mirrors? i want a new one.
Trying to fall asleep but im not tired at all. Eww tomorrows monday :(
@chcuk why do i fail??! if its because of hayden u can shut up! shes so hot :( tear.
I'm gonna be ill if Joan Rivers wins; she &amp; Melissa are SO ANNOYING :(
can't believe vaca is over :-( Working tomorrow 1-8:30!
@crazicrystal I feel your pain. Two huge test tomorrow and I don't feel at all prepared. :(
back at the house.  excited that i got my cd.  i need to calm my nerves.  ministry work is hard with no support :(
I've never been so sunburned in my life. Except for that time in fourth grade. I'm still red though. I hate texas weather! :(
Dropped her laptop off the bed. I fail. :( goodnight.
http://bit.ly/GvBji  Someone teach me that :(
@ashy_109 Outlook not so good :(
My knees hate me... first my left one that needed surgery now my right one that hurts so much I don't want to walk on it :(
@trixie360 Ahh, Portland...I miss my hometown :(
Trying to comfort a sick little girl. :( Stephanie has not had much of a special Mothers Day. Will definitely make it up to her.
@PharoBCool nothing really just got finished hanging with Nya for the whole 15 min i got to see her on Mothers day :( :( &lt;-- Super Sad Face
I hope all those bad things weren't about me :(
tired, back to work. why is there always drama? :(
i wanna make friends at twitter but enybody follow me just 6?? thts's nothing :(
@KDFournier Do you want the treadmill that's in my apt? Its not going to fit in my next one.... :(
Feeling terrible.. In bed already :(
ps. I hate super shuttles :(
doing homework :(
Aww, I had a bunch of stuff to say about #hotlesbiantwitterlovin but I got disconnected :( good night!
is out of the poker game. :-( He lost.
not getting device updates :-(
Icing all my aches and pains, getting back in shape is not easy...I always think I'm there, then push myself too hard and get hurt :(
ryan is gone :( missing him more than anything air port at 5 am to see him off :/
Kickin it at Sandy's.... But I am lame and have to hang in the shade. No sun for me today... :(  http://twitpic.com/4ymya
Holy shit it's 8 already? Looks like i'm pulling an all nighter :(
wanna see you tonight .. kinda late :(
God, my nerves!!!! what a game! #Celtics won 95-94 in last minute... Green Pride YAY!! a pity #Ducks didn't win... :(
RT @DetroitSkye Just broke up w my bf. Gonna have twins all by myself.  :(
missing some one :(
my biggest fear is the doctors,ever since being in hospital for 2 weeks im scared im gonna be in there again :/ uggh i dnt wanna go :(
tried to upload 130 pics thru iPhone flickit app. Epic fail... :(
@mycherrymoon yeah I have a sinus infection. :(
Wisdom tooth is being an evil son of a bitch. My cheek is swollen &amp; parts of it are numb, but of cooourse the bits that hurt aren't numb! :(
she didnt txt me :( so i go by myself...
@mackenzie_ann i knowww! its not as fun and i miss you too! summer sucks :( lol
@selgomez I really hate posers, I want to know that the celeb i'm following is real but it's hard when posers are out there. :(
@heyitsmaya ur right...but I REALLY want one :(
hrmm how to dress like a monster, 3 yr old monster stomp party this sunday at 9am, 9am! way to kill my saturday night :(
@mrs_nickj07 Thats Sucks You Only SEEN the credits :(
i have been really busy and stressed. things aren't working out with me and one of the flatmates. broke a priceless piece of art today. :(
i can't go to david archuleta's tour here at the philippines :(
I hate allergies... because of allergies I cannot see Murty or Kate! :(
@verwon better, just in time for Monday : ( but its all good
@wishicouldwait_ ooooh noooo :( im very sorry aboot your teeth. but surely knowing your boobs dont look like hers makes it all better, right
First day of work tomorrow!  I start at 9/have to leave the house by 7:45 :( UGH! Will twitter if I can about my day, or at the end...night!
@pchristina lol just got here and made it to the Gs i think. somebody called me and the music went off! :(
@WorkingJoeBlo  Bummer...its good weather after a crap AM...and I'm still here cleaning. :-(
@KellyDivine &quot;RAWR no one asks me what I did today!&quot; bummer, my twitter-friend. :(
Have to get my wheelchair fixed! Not happy.... :-(
@eckorecord awww :(
@mzbootae i feel so lonely :(
@souljaboytellem i can't type anythinq cause the social stream don't come on :(
hates sore throats. :(
Stay strong ayah. Hopefully nothing bad happens to you. :(
Following @trent_reznor 's daily tweets about his shows is a bad idea when you can't go see him play! :(
Bloody tired, bad headache.. eh.. terrible terrible throbbing pain :(
@ViralAgent damnit. the results don't go past 19 days old :-( the post I'm looking for is older. *sigh*
done Literature exammeans i'm almost free :(
I miss my baby boo :(
&quot;I can't take it any longer i though that we were stronger&quot; - about someone who i thought loved me :(
one of the hardest moments oif my life today is :(
Well i washed my phone today. Phone number 2 to water damage. :(
crashing early...got an 8:00 class...this vacay was def not long enough :(
In a bit of pain. I really hope I just pulled some weird muscle and it isn't kidney related. Don't have the $ for a Dr! &amp; no insurance! :(
@Smenley lol I saw that pun the first time. :(
@baitlynsays apparently I flapped my arms like a Phoenix while in air, which I don't remember at all :(
bloody fed up with toddler insisting 3am is morning time, refusing to sleep &amp; screaming for 2 hours :(
I have a confession to make. -sigh- I...like...1 song from the Jonas Brothers! Oh, the horror! I feel like puking just thinking about it! :(
eating pizza with the fam. ugh tomorrows supposed to be nice out. :(
@iamchuckdizzle well we just wanna hear D.I.T.M.S :( TONIGHT! and every other day! lol
Super tired! It's Been a LONG ass day on only 4 hours of sleep!! :(
@browniemountain fuck Boston. the rays just lost :(
@DHSmostwanted Took my friend and the baby to Venice Beach. Kid loved the swings. Bought new flipflops which broke my feet. :(
@taylorswift13 agreed!  oh, and I LOVE YOU TAYLOR SWIFT!! im so sad u didnt schedule a concert in northern california :( :( :(
@Stashanae why didn't you come on saturday?! :(
Oh people. Thinking about the lack of sleep I'm about to get pains me. And no resting on the flight. Need to go to bed after landing. :(
@lovers_fade I have 2 labs :( more then anyone should ever have to take
im not ready for this exam... and im sooo tired :( looks like i'll be waking up early to study. &lt;3
@x5315 Thanks for the reply! It would be cool to save it in an account. I use like 5 different computers :( Killer app, though.
@ausaudriel Kay but I really only can be on for like 10, 15 minutes tops :(
Putting down Sissy tomorrow. Might not be at school. Ugh. :(
i missed daisy of love :( man i can't believe i'm getting hooked on trashy reality tv shows.
As usu. my plans are ruined!  Not seeing the Audition... FML.  :(
I'm a selfish person and a mean daughter...I guess there are some things you never grow out of :(
@kimtagg ICAAC has only 12 spots per sem :-(
ap chem test tuesday the ap test.  gotta bad headache from studying :(
@5toSucceed No, help is NOT on its way! I have to wait till tomorrow! I want to cry. :-(
GOOD MORNING. it rains and i can't open OceanUp again :(
doing some more editing. some things gel together easily. some things just continually give me the shits :-(
@thatchickleelee I love Nutella. Haven't had it in a while though. :(
My toes are cold :(
Hey friends going to #LSOW I regret to say I can't come.  Have to let the wave pass me by this time.  Sad, but time home is precious :-(
&quot;sigh&quot; another day, another load of homework to join the other loads biting at my ankles :-(
@AsukaBlossoms *points to @SableSnow * I didn't do anything wrong and he is acting really mad at me :(
@thesweetcheeks thats good! well ima head to bed i gotta work tomorrow :( good night
@timcophoto Hmm this is true... this is true... We're heading to Japan next March! That doesn't count I know :(
@CzarinaE huckleberry finn isn't a very exciting book :(
@Jay_You I wish! I thought of you and Kriz....I was so close to you guys :(
@kellygirl27 Not fair! I wanna go! :-( Just listened to Nobody Wins and now I'm listening to Texas In 1880, happens to be the 1 w/ Pat Green
Ummm intervention I'm an alcoholic and abuse drugs and I drink hand sanitizer cause I'm desperate to get drunk anthony I wanna cuddle you :(
RT cbcsundaypa: Vancouver Canucks out! No Canadian cup this year! :( http://bit.ly/HZn7y
@babybritain aww you should :(
I bit my lip so much today out of nervousness that now its all owie and bleedy :( :( :(
This sucks... I slept away the evening and now I won't go back to sleep til way late :(
been up since 6:30 this morning... so tired... and not even close to sleep :(
My MOH bailed out, and my sister let me down.. wait.. thats the same event.. :( I love my little man.. he takes such good care of his mommy!
@Yuks3 flight is at 9.30 :( doubt we would get anything good in by then- you will just have to fill me in!
@SethDale Your so lucky, I have one more final on Wednesday :( What classes are you taking next semester?
@beckiann ouch! sorry to hear about ur finger... hope it gets better soon :(
I hope my Firefly DVDs come tomorrow! I need to get my Whedon fix soon since the Buffy DVDs are on backorder. :(
@MajesticFlame ouch - sounds very sucky :(
@octopusroyalty i don't believe so... :(
@Jassonc i cant believe you saw 17 again w/o me! :(
Migraine headache has basically lasted all day. Once the Meds wear off and i'm not high off them anymore it comes back. Sleep will help? :(
jus got done talkng to buddah on the phone...its kinda depressing :( i hate to know how he turned his back on me so many years ago...
@AyeAllyBea look who's talking...some nerve!!!  : (
@bengottlieb Great idea with the iTunes promo codes - they don't work in the UK iTunes store though :(
is back in Jersey! i miss my girls :(
I don't want to care but I do...so I say I don't then I die :(
@erinpepper dm your # again cuz i can't find you in my contacts :(
@v1000 no u can not!! @ian_watkins is wonderfull and its not funny if u dont actually like him :(
No dollhouse tonight. :(  I'm cheering myself up with ANTM and pretzels with hummus.
i hate finals week! it stresses me out!!! :(
@ScraperBikeKing yes he do-but it is a big realization 4 him. he goes to a school thats 62% white :(
Giving up on packing until tomorrow I need sleep before we present our plans to host No Frills 10 to the leadership team! SO SLEEPY! :-(
@MyMacHero No, no back ups. :( I did use cmd-opt-p-r until I heard the 3rd 'bong', but nothing... :(
@tunedtochords ugh Feel better. Stomach ache here :( no fun :(
@mefew i know its sad :( but with the last season you can kind tell it was over !! :'(
@xtelleclassique @chaela12123 blithe smile, lithe limb / she who's winsome wins him :( why such a depressing song you guys
:( i wanna go to Zara one of these days...
@simplysoph007 I'm here! But everyone else isn't :(
managed to wake up early today @8..feeling sleepy again.. :(
aaaahhhh!!!! My body wont let me go to bed! :(
@ashleybella it wont let me direct message u :(
Sometimes I wish that I had a different mom...Shes not that nice all the time and its not cool at all :(
Hello to all of my new followers! I'm Ashley &amp; here is a random fact about me: I've never seen the entire E.T. movie. He terrifies me. :(
@DrMiracles I don't have a celeb twin! :-( fun contest tho!
Pffff busy day :( swarmed with work
Can't believe I just booked tickets for a Balakrishna movie!Travails of a married woman,you see :(
@LaLaLaBetsy yeah, sorry. you get tiredface from me :(
No Doubt was good on Gossip Girl. Too bad they were only in it for a little bit. :(
@tooie I feel that way too. :( I feel your pain.
wishes to have a new laptop :-( dili daw kapalit ako sis kay mahal dili na ma carry... http://plurk.com/p/t97b4
@markovitch nah, pretty blah abt Champs league final - my team blew it :( Thinking abt the tennis, the cricket &amp; next season's football.
My 26 yr old son passed away on May 5, 2009...my heart is so broken, that I find it difficult to even breath at times.  I miss him :(
cramps :-( :-( :-( :-( :-( omg, omg, omg i just wanna cry............SOMEBODY, HELP ME!
Finals tomorrow :-(   At least its almost done. Summa Summa summa Time is here!
Watching Hannibal! I'll never be able to go sleep Clarice! :(
Got cystitis again! :(
Trying to work this darn ting out :(
feels bad for my dad, he's got a fractured rib :(  Ouch!
still fixing the webcam .darn .what happened to this thing ?? :(
just wait the perfect time, it'll be a bunch of people ! :(
@DeCario_Mattel -- i wish i could've met up with y'all! :(
@Jordan_Bilibio it's not working. :(
Vacation part of summer = over for now. :(
I'm hoping that the Medici is not like some of the reviews at apartmentratings.com... Might have to look elsewhere :(
Thanks to a terrible conversation I can't sleep tonight. Tomorrow is going to be hell. Redbull runs galore. :(
YAY FOR BASEBALL SEASON! boo to yankees losing their first game :(
Whoaaaaah, very glad I didn't buy that plane ticket to the US after all. I must be psychic. :-(
Grrtrr up early :(
Needs monnneeey! :(
forgot about surry hills fest :( but managed to go to the ever exciting &quot;HOLROYD FEST&quot; in MERRYLANDS --- WOOOOO! *does merrylands gang sign*
is missing the him so badly :-(
i went to sleep in 6 AM and for some reason i'm awake now :(
nice weather but school! :(
i want a fucking FOB/Mark Hoppus octo drive : (
@TJP5082 @sunnysidesup bus shelter window so the wind was howling through :(
got soccer training in like 20 mins but my back is sore :(
OH bum, he's dead.  Oh, and Trogg was doing so well in his dungeon :(
don't go away..... :-( http://plurk.com/p/t9hmo
@Molecat84 I don't believe .doc is an accepted file extension for wp.com :(
@nitaiw i've got crazy eczema :(
I'm seriously failing chem tomorrow. :(
@mcraddictal yhea he always wins :( whee! :'(
@HaileyATL her mom always finds something to say to make her not go.. im sure she will if not umm.. idk :(
What is this nudging business? The skull is a complicated hunk of bone :(
@Drifter0658 @vbright  Ewwww...me bald, not pretty pic.  LOL  Now I have it fixed in IE but not in FF which means it's really just wrong. :(
My tummy is upset.. :( Wonder if I ate something bad.
@baf03 um eff? i just had some milk ... to try and reduce heartburn :(
At the bar waiting for my friend. Don't know the bar tender on duty, but apparently he's ignoring me. :-(
Curled up in bed with Kaden , hes not feeling well tonight  :(    Night everyone!
I just want everyone 2 know; if u twitted me I can't respond bkuz im mobile :(  I see u thoe =]
How does one get over that arising fear that surfaces everytime he/she uses his/her fake? Lmao :(
I think the dbacks have moved from underperforming to just being plain lousy... it's going to be a long summer :(
@taracuda yes, I've had twitter unfollow 1 person so far.  They finally fixed it, but now she hasn't posted for a few days.  bummer :(
i wish my spiderman shirt still glowed in the dark! :(
@janessahilliard I wish I could be there :(
@queenhinton....it does feel lonely....i don't like this :(
I wish I was older :(
oh man - allison was robbed on 'america's next top model' - teyona won - she's really cute too but i really thought allison would win :(
@AmandaPursell sorry bout your luck :(
Y are we not twittering about http://snurl.com/hzfbs ? people need to know about @lauraling and her work on @current :(
man, I know I sound lame for this... but I rly do miss when cobra starship wasnt ~big. I remember the 1st time I saw them live :( 3 yrs ago
needs a new bike :(
I need to be in bed, damn my insomnia :(
I was home sick today.  :(
so much for curling my hair on a windy day. :(
Aww man why aren't my rolls poofing up :(  http://myloc.me/QAn
Trend forecaster Gerald Celente says Violent Revolution will start soon :( --&gt; http://www.themidnightowl.com/?p=509 #tcot #tlot #teaparty
laying off any activity that has to do with my left knee for a while.. :(
Well now i really just want to go home :-(
Boarder control...yach!how can I not foresee that!don't wanna get into machine gun guarding situation again.no Germany today... :(
@OMGitsLexi poor thing :(
is hoping to get my car fixed. :(
@kelvintraves sorry. i was just playing around. :(
Sigh. School tomorrow. Why can't it be friday like I keep thinking? Skip day is great but it screws with my mental calendar :(
@jcarpita As in the metal band? Interesting. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the invite poodleface :(
Man, I can't believe I'm still in Bama. I had some bad luck today. And @annaresa left me :(
Moment of silence for Danny Gokey. :( *sniffles* He was, no, he IS awesome.
My throat has gotten worse! :(
@thisisLF did u guys hookah today? :(
@danceforlife7 Allison SO should have won. :(
This is my disappointment face :( Screw this, next time I'm going to Weinershniztel! maybe I'm not in the right state-of mind for a hot dog
Oh boy! I dunno y'all...staying in the house, taking my meds, closing my window at night...still feeling worse. Pray for ya girl, pls. :-(
wants to go home... :(
@absolutspacegrl :( that is definitely a WTF moment. Sorry to hear he had a momentary lapse of respect.
For some reason this is hiccuping :(  my tweets are showing up in multiple I am not RT the same message repeatedly like this
Signed up for tokbox but can't use ittill later cause I'm at the new house :(
Bessiee thinks she likes someone :(
@reatlas :-( hungry!
When this first started I thought Twitter was blocking my account or something  :(  I felt very alone.
@tweetmylife I'm at jerk? :(
when im with him i am thinking of you, i wish i was looking into your eyes :(
i love the champ security guard right now... idk what her name is though :(
cannot concentrate on anything remotely related to work :(
Going 2 bed. Have to get up early in the morning :(
augh im so busy with my finals :(
@chneux i have no trip $... it will need to be for school tuition i owe $ :-( no fun or fair... *wiping tears*
@mandyluvsjbx3 :( aw girl i am seriously so sorry i wish i could do something to help
Wow I have to wake up hella early tomorrow. :(
(I love how AT&amp;T uses James Blunt - Same Mistake for their adverts! but only the instrumental :( )
@BPDINOKC  hope the weather has improved? :(
corn soup time... I need something to get rid of this yucky feeling in my tummy :(
i have a $90 phone bill? crap. :(
Working hard on aoc and not a single dowload :(
starting to overthink everything in my life= :( sad kitty
@sebrown154 i would love to thister, but i picked up a couple shifts so maybe i can next week. Got bills :(
@melwasall no... They're just dumb! :( They can't help it... Its the Y chromosome!
@JAGnLA I have one closer but everything in simi closes early :(
hmm so uh im twitteh i guess im kinda sleepy.......neh sleeps 4 living people.................dont judje meh :(
@cfobmania no. but i'm bound and determined to get one. :(
summer here already... so fricken hot already :(
@sendchocolate this is really irritating. i see people i follow's tweets on other sites (ie facebook) but NOT on here :(
its too early, and im going to be late for school. oh well. and parents evening tonight &quot;/ :(
damn finally back at my gma's house. still no wifi :( tired..
@davidcook1 hi DaviD! Good Luck on your concert on Saturday! I wish i could go.. But i can't .. :( Concert tickets are very expensive.. Hehe
@catawu It was!  I thought everybody had abandoned me! :(
I need a ride to school tomorrow.... : (
fever after tetanus shot :(
@TracyDowds When an Xbox shows those three red lights, it means it's dead and needs to be fixed for a month at Microsoft HQ. :(
@moregAAn I know... It just makes me sad. Who's gunna do Kairos? St. Lucy's won't be the same without him :( and mr. rip.
Hahahahaha! So @MsLindseyAnn won't try my adios motherfucker.. Sad times :( it tastes sooo good!
@TerrenceJ106 let's see if this actually works, been trying to send u my ?  for the longest now n I haven't been getting any replies :-(
C'mon uncle come already, i've got some convincing to do :(
says The Job is done..the bitch is immortal.......causing headache still :(
needs you more than you know. :(
@AndyYap  :D Woohoo! But i didn't know how to do a 4 marks A Math question :( Oh well, its time to play now! Teehee.
meeting, meeting, meeting all the day long :(
Dear lord, I disagree with the fact you cursed me with these gerbil fists. : (
Still getting used to smog, I can't see in it! I have to actually wear my glasses :(
@nosferous I'VE MISSED THE PAST 4 EPISODES! And I missed tonight's?! Oh no! :(
@GabrielSaporta i couldn't make it out to see you guys tonight; mega bummed :( hope it was a good show though! i'll see y'all next time.
I don't understand why some of the best people in the world are thrown to the ground by evil... I wish life was fair to all who are good :(
Uuuuuuuugh, I don't want to go to class. :(
@heraldsunscoop so has it hit australia yet about Kate and Peter brakeing up its very sad :(
Lonely. Sweet dreams. :-(
Drinking with Parker via Video Messaging!!!!    I miss him :(
Northern Rail train to Bradford is more akin to a cattle truck. :-(
McFly is gone off the trending topics :( (N)
Can't sleep! Too much on my mind. Lame :(
... right, time to head back into the jungle and get strimming again.... :(
@mr_billiam Jurasic Land. :( lol
@BONESgirl28 Ah yes... those three words killed me. I hate those three words, especially when it comes out of Booth's mouth :(
Hard to get back into the flow of things after a wonderful holiday... the beach, the sand, the waves are all so distant at the moment :(
no one wants to follow me... : (
@twitty_ricky : why you are so upset :-(
@DaRiddler352 : ( aww! No sad-face! Idk yet... I was accepted to UA but I haven't applied to go again....idk lol but wherever life takes me.
Just got kicked out of wadeys office :(
woke up in agony...  ughhhhh I hate being sick :( gimme sommmmmmme vicodin!!
Uninstalled Symphony. No improvement. Now been uninstalling Notes for half an hour, no progress :(
Thanks to a train diversion I'm now on a train so crowded tighter :-(
@nennieknits I took a peek at your blog and I loved your blanket.  Sorry about the mistake, I know how it is to frog.  :(  Good job, though!
im so tired of this : ( i just want you back home where you belong .. things arent meant to end this way
@nicksantino I just hope you guys will do a tour to singapore. :(
Dubai Tweeps: Any ideas how to get my sisters a transit visa? The emirates ppl have an 8 hour rule :(
@sendchocolate me too :-( oh well will be avoiding the net next week until I've seen the final!
@jodotha I've been really stalled out on that novel for many, many months :(
Waffle house!  I was knocked out in the car!  To the airport in a couple hours.....  : (
@work!  Ingen träning :-(
has a bad-hair-day and is not allowed to wear a cap in the office... :-(
@cornywallis uh oh :(
@mmhan ya man. Bus and Train and Taxi. I spent too much on Taxi.. yesterday alone :(
@GreatRock have hucking great day. Thoughts will be with you as i plumb a sink in :-(
@chimpytwit brilliant idea. just bring as much as you think you'll spend &amp; I'll swap you. bring a brolly :-(
Does anyone know where to get Nissin Cup Noodles  in US? Any store online maybe?  I miss them :(
I love you two more than you'll ever know and I miss you so fucking much :(
see, taxi is late. it's 8:30 and school starts in 10 mins, argh! :(
@kirsty_wilson you will be deeply missed @tweetupmellers ! :-(  Yet will make us hang out for you on the next one! Kirsty injections please!
@Trampolinia Someone told me months ago that Tom Cruise threatened to sue, and they stopped making them. :( #RedEye
got saturday school tomorrow :( blah hate saturday school sleepover in couple weeks XD
Again the market went down :( ... Elections results are on Saturday... I guess every body is selling their stocks off before the results
Why is my ice-T not cold :(
@djamesbrooke :( yeah it's very sucky :(
I'm really going to miss @jonasbrothers 15th June...i want to meet you again...seems unlikely :( xxx
Dammit!  It's a @wootoff and I'm broke, as usual when it's a wootoff. :(
@80zBabi *GASP* woooow ... boy u could never eat my food, onions and garlic are my thing :( ima pour some henney for you on the corner lol
@Pinkman2 thanks Bri, I just wish you could have been there. :( And I'm going to move my groupiness on to other musicians who aren't married
ugghhh.. i have a headache :(
i don't want to fail english! :(
better head off to work I guess. :( Hope everyone has a good day.  Toodles! x
@justESMEE omg did you get it back??? what did you get? i dont wanna get mine back :( im so scared.
Nevermind, my lighter aint workin :(
@311_Nick :( that Contest is just for US =(
i can't believe dicko was fired :(
@BellaBaita no garden calling me...it is dull and grey :-(
@R_SK I am. But sometimes its too late to fix things :(
@jackalltimelow aw poor jack! How will you ever get back. :(
Puppy is sick :(
preparing for exam : (
No need for a cold vs allergy test. :( Shocked at how many times I got sick since Jan. (I noticed that my classmates were frequently sick.)
@nnamdi_okafor :(  guess Jodeci wont be singing at my wedding lmao
@NattyMcElls tis weird! Have a few friends that r really lovely feisty women... with bastard BFsthat treat em like crap!! dont make sense :(
On my way to school :(
Hate toothache! :(
seriously wants to see @DavidArchie perform live!!!!! :(
PC-WARE: No blog, no Twitter account. :(
packing for sf and getting to sleep soon. i still need to find someone to take me to the airport after work :(
at home :(
not liking the new http://linux.com design! :(
ah... i still need to do a capacity analysis for my 10am meeting... :(
FC,opps you did it again :(
Come down with somin this morning, not good...  :-(
I cried so much cause Danny left &amp; cause u cried :( sad night.Hope u feel better,he's a winner 2 &amp; will have a successful career.Love u xoxo
I think that Allison should have won ANTM cycle 12 but she didn't so it sux : (
Crap. Left my radio in the car... :(
@xxsara Oh yes we were supergood at italian. But our teacher Per-fredrik didn't think so.. :( hehe (he didn't like us i think..)
@_Superhuman lol cool! im not doing much.... did you end up getting through??? i never get through and it really sucks :(
*Yaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnn* ooooh Hit by the tired train this morning. Can't get going. :( Mornin' all.
I wish I had more followers that I knew. I have like 5. :(
@stephenfry except that i like following conversations back back tracking them.. :(
@andrewbeaton You still need one apparently :( (for a free account)
@xxsara Ahh I can't remember how to say &quot;My name is..&quot; in italiano.. oh my good! :(
@KylieAAM Going to walk on treadmill soon wor...when my dad gets back. :( Probably last time doing so since college starting d... Aih.
oh god I should sleep earlier when I'm sick like this. :( fuck you swine flu
Off to London for a meeting with @eesdeltasurvey disaster has struck - not even rubbish coffee to be found :-(
@shiben Dude the Metal Gear solid Touch for iPhone is just aim and shoot game. Not as good as I have hoped :(
@amypalko Cool, catch you later - need to get this run in as my belly is starting to compete with @leawoodwards 's :(
@cameronstewart your friend's facebook comment :( still feel bad
No coffee, no breakfast makes Richard something, something....blood work this morning :(
Psyching myself up for my first days work in 10 days, followed by 4 further days off. Somewhat gutted by the Belfast passenger load... :(
whut the FUCK is that smell. i hate public transport. :(
@knighttyme I am lost. Please help me find a good home. :(
RT @nathanryder: http://bit.ly/8U2Gn - I want these so much!!! :D Next year??? Oh man :(
Loki doesn't like trips to the vets :-( http://twitpic.com/556s7
@bijuc seems like no one from Kingfisher Airlines or BA on here interested in giving me an upgrade.  Darn it.  Cattle class for 10 hours :-(
Danny is gone :( I soo wanted him to win!
http://twitpic.com/556wh - Look at what just happened to my baby :(
listenin some music and cleanin my room :(
5am and wide awake :( might as well just stay up at this point
has just lost all science study notes, because her computer froze ;( :( if you have any notes, please send them to me.
in computing class i have a sore head :(
weekend chores done. now to get ready for Snowbird's bachelorette party! (and attempt to get some work work done.) :(
- @TendaiJoe well none of us are getting out of here alive but we would like to stay a while.I wish people would stop killing each other :-(
Chris' car broke down...anyone up for giving us a ride to Davis? :(
@Sheamus  Have you unfollowed me cos am unable to DM. :(
@midgetmum I have a sick dd at home, a dog with a broken claw &amp; am attempting to do accounts. It's a pants day all round :(
my glands are getting all swollen behind my ear - never a good sign :-( and i have so much planned for the weekend!
@jamielomas I cant believe your not going to be in hollyoaks anymore :( and they were robbed at the soap awards !!!!
@keithpscott Though it's evening..same!Aint been up long &amp; on 4th cup of coffee..may take a while,son just informed me it's Thu not Fri! :(
is wonderin why she can't update her status... haiz... :(
I can't move my neck. The pain increased from yesterday. What's wrong with me :(
@randomflowers not working for me either :(
wants more twitter friends :(
Scenario writing is not my kind of thing :(
am not a gd lover :(
misses watching Entourage :(
just a little upset that brent has left masterchef! :(
@timlovejoy Why did you delete your Tweets to me :( Scared of a little bit of banter....? ;)
is it wrong that i'm fighting my eyelids at this time of day :(
@trixxaayyy There na ? Awww. :( I`ll watch later \:D/
@roboholic oh i'm sorry... :( hehe :-P i have the same problem too don't worry!! I'm learning to live with it slowly!! hehe ;-)
cisco: smart work network in 15 centres around amsterdam - again not so innovative :(
@crimpomatic @mr_cf sorry folks can't play you need a guest login :(
@aprilHANNAH did you get my text? :(
that was a scary panic attack to wake up to!  First one ever :(
is getting ready to go to work!!!!!!! :(
Morning all! I need to go brush up on my knowledge of Freud's psychodynamic model....... Fun, eh? :(
http://twitpic.com/3ir9e - i miss this! :(
Hw cm MTV duznt show music anymore? all v c is a bunch of guys n grls arguing n bitching abt 1anothr. where has d music gone? :-(
@TheRealMattL You were the best thing in Hollyoaks, then you died! Sad times :(
Stopped checking gamedev for like one day and now there are like 100 interesting topics to read :(
it's already 10p.m and i still can't sleep. :(
Help!  David is trapped in my computer!  He's being held hostage by some evil supervillain named iChat.  :(  How do I get him out?